Hotel full of Russians and children Hotel was full of badly behaved children who rushed in front of you almost knocking you over .
The Russian parents had no control over them at any time .
The food was very basic , but edible with good bread , soup and desserts .
Room was very clean and large with english speaking room boy who was very polite and helpfull .
The bar staff looked tired and overworked but did make an effort to smile and make nice comments to you once they knew you were English .
Not suitable for couples without children as evening entertainment was almost nill and geared for families .
Comments on my stay at Club Hotel Dolphin Room service needs to be improved and we experienced that some of the Linen provided are damaged .
Condition of the room is very poor and also it was not cleaned properly .
Attending for issues are ok. A good choice for a relaxing and lovely weekend This hotel is perfect if you need some relaxing and lovely week-end with your partner .
The spa , sauna and jaccuzzi are perfect and it is easily to access from your bedroom thanks to dedicaced lift .
Then , you can finish your day around a good meal in restaurant .
Weekend stay in Madrid We stayed at the hostal for two nights at the weekend .
If you are looking for a cheap hostel in the centre of Madrid and do not need any other services , it is worth trying .
Anyway , there is no chance to have breakfast , no restaurant at the hotel .
On the other hand a big advantage of the hostel is its placement at the very centre of Madrid with a walking distance to Sol , Gran Via etc .
I would recommend the hostel only for a short stay in the city .
The holiday was everything we 've hoped for We can not find anything to complain about .
Hotel was excellent en the staff was very friendly .
only remark maybe is that for families with little children the facilties ( playing ground ) is not available Bonne hotel The location is fantastic , so close to the Louvre and many other sights and also had a balcony , good size flat-screen TV , very comfy bed , in-room artwork very nice .
The location was the most appealing aspect of this hotel , so close to The Louvre and walking distance to most other major tourist sights and also to the train stations .
Conseil - attractions : The Hop-On Hop-Off bus is a great way to get around and familiarise yourself with the area - maybe two day ticket is the best as it is too much for one day is you want to get off and look at any of the sights .
Nice hotel with friendly staff and a lot of food !
a nice Hotel with friendly staff.The beach is clean , but just reachable after 166 steps downstairs ( or upstairs ) .
There is also a lift but it is annoying to wait for it , because everyone want to use it and you have to queue for it , so we did body practice every day .
( After a while it is not that bad ! )
The staff was really nice and also the rooms were clean .
The food was ok. good offer , giant buffet ( in the morning AND in the evening ) , especially the deserts were very good .
For me and my friend it was the perfekt Hotel for our purpose to enjoy a week at the beach and do some trips to Kallithea or to Kassandria ( every Thursday there is a market and this is great fun and a nice alternation ; ) ) All in all we are satisfied .
Very good A hotel within the Hilton standard .
Very comfortable bed and room with sea views .
Ideal location for the Forum convention center .
Close to the beach and with a shopping center on the other side of the street .
Practical I usually chose the citizen for my overnight layovers in AMS .
It 's walking distance from the airport and the rooms , despite being small , are very practical for a one night layover .
Stayed one more last month and keep being a happy customer .
Beautiful wellness hotel close to city centre Koln All in the hotel was possitive .
BUT while we got a wellcome drink in the bar , all people were smoking .
All our clothes smell to smoke .
Terrible .
When we knew this before , we should n't drink this .
Best place to stay in a very middle of Paris Very nice hotel situated in the middle of Paris next to Les Halles metro and RER station .
You can easily find connections to every tourist attractions from there .
Louvre , Notre Dame , Centre Pompidou and river Seine are less than 5 mins walk .
Near hotel there are many bars , pubs , clubs .
The most disadvantage of the hotel is noise from the fountain situated on square next to the hotel .
If you wish to have quiet nights choose the room which is not with a view to square .
Rooms with a view on other site are very quiet .
Hotel rooms are equiped with good kitchenete facilities , there is toaster , electric kettle , microwave and dishwasher .
Really lovely resort The atmosphere and staff were wonderful .
Nothing was too much trouble .
The food was really nice they had a good range that catered for all tastes .
One of the best holidays I have had .
I would love to go back .
Not very good !
Hotel was very nice , clean and well maintained .
However the food was cold , not enough crockery/cutlery etc in restaurants .
Piped music was so loud it made your ears sting !
In the bar areas there were plenty of tables but not enough tables so nowhere to sit .
The visitors were mainly Russian who were treated with respect , served straight away and generally took over everything .
They smoked everywhere which was not pleasant .
As we were a party of 6 British adults this did not go down very well .
We met the General Manager and pointed out all the faults to him - to say he was mortified is an understatement .
A very good domicile in a attractive environment A very good domicile in a attractive environment : It was my first stay in Trier and I would like to come back with my family .
The staff was very friendly and courteous .
Specifically one waitress serving us was very funny and charming at out dinner .
Antwerp Lindner May 2013 Comfortable modern hotel close to Central Rail station in Antwerp and shops and restaurants .
Hotel room was too warm , air conditioning not powerful enough to cool room .
No ironing board and iron in room , small table top board and non-steam iron is supplied when requested , but to be honest are useless for removing creases in cotton shirts .
Reasonable breakfast but no low-fat options for milk , yoghurt , cereal etc .
compared to my recent visit to Denmark ( Scandic Hotel ) .
This is a big issue for me and I 'd like to see low-fat options available .
Fruit choice is not large .
I did n't try the cooked breakfast .
I have n't tried the gym but been to see it , quite small but new equipment available .
Titanic Beach Spa & Aqua Park during my stay here at titanic i had a nice welcome by the reseption and the general mangers then we had a nice meet again with the animation staff , we had a nice big room for us as a couple and a nice pool view , the dinner was always nice there was never a nite were we could not find something to eat the hotel was well looked after and the bar staff and waiters were all help full .
the great thing we found this time around we had a welsh animator to speak with if he had any problems .
, Club dolphin clean but not updated is same as it was 9years ago , not to many rooms just enough to make it not too crowded , we were full board breakfast was good , rest of meals not enough choice .
Excelent place for golf and beach Golf courses can be easily reached from the hotel , tee times and transport have been organised by the hotel ( Ms .
Ö . )
to my absolut satisfastion , I have made a coupple of good rounds so I 'm satisfied twice : ) .
Hotel offers nice spa , large pool area and enough space on its beach where I enjoyed relaxing after the game .
Hospitality and services at the highest level .
I will definitely come back !
; Sri Lanka - we will come again !
We had a wonderful stay in Sri Lanka .
Everybody was very kind - country is beautiful .
The staff at the Club Hotel Dolphin was very helpfull , they are taking care about the guests !
We will come again !
Thank you everybody !
Fancy pyramid hotel The hotel might at first be appealing due to it 's special architectual design and features .
However , the room quality and the service was quite bad and disappointing .
First off , they claimed to offer an upgrade but what they actually did was move us to a supposedly new building which was further away from the main hotel complex.Theroom did not look very clean and the lighting was below standard .
Room amenities were below standard with no water heater and an very old television possibly from the stone age .
The free vouchers for meals and drinks turned out to be useless too because they could only be spent on specific restaurant which had a bad reputation in other online reviews ... Good hotel for a business trip Overall good hotel .
Nice lounge on the top floor .
The room was clean , big , air conditioning .
There is a little gym in the first floor .
The breakfast is correct .
The wifi internet connection is good .
Excellent 5 star hotel 5 star hotel with easy access and good location to Frankfurt airport .
Good shuttle bus service to and from hotel to Frankfurt airport .
Gym and swimming pool are where I can work out my body after a long and tedious travel in the city .
Dive instructor just the BEST !
Went to Daniela for the first time .
I dived with Samy .
What a nice , gentle guy he is !
And , because I 've been all over the world to dive , he is very , very professional instructor .
He sees everything , and you feel save with him .
It 's just FUN diving with him .
During the breaks he tells you everything about marinelife and he knows a lot to tell about it .
Really awsome !
The waiters and household did a great job , even as the kitchenstaff .
They do everything to make your stay a pretty nice one .
Thumps up for these guys , they work hard and it 's great fun with them .
Khalid , thanks man !
A really enjoyable holiday dana beach is a large complex with a lake running the entire length of the complex .
two boats are available to ferry guest to the beach if needed.although walking is not a problem .
room cleanliness was of a high standard and the hotel grounds were well kept and always being tended to .
food was was of a good quality and well presented in the five restaraunts .
i am british most other guests were german with some russian .
with a good mix of age groups .
we really enjoyed our stay this time as we did when staying in 2010. we would consider going back to dana beach as we found it to be a great chill out holiday .
Might be ok for some , but not for me I understand that in the Ukraine the hotel standards are not the same as in other areas in the world and this hotel might be a good option in this category , but we did not like it .
Next time i would spend the extra money and stay in a better one .
If you are looking at the `` budget '' hotel and you do n't care much about the room size and the available facilities , then this hotel might be an option for you .
Donetsk is not a tourist destination and the choices are limited .
I did like the way they solved the food situation , you basically get a budget you can use in a canine like restaurant that was very good .
Good times , great people We had a great time.The staff were great the food was great.And there is lots of private areas by the sea.What can i say.Love the Grand Palladium jamaica.And we hope to see all the staff next year .
Willis and Toni ABSOLUTELY NOT VALUE FOR THE MONEY ... we were completely dissatisfied with the owners ' unfriendly attitude , the room was a lot different from its foto in the hotel 's internet site and the room was smelling as bad as being in a hospital ...
Very nice hotel !
The hotel was very nice , I think it 's good that they have like 5 restaurants so the people are spread over 5 restaurants so it 's never so crowded .
But on the other hand I missed the a la carte restaurants that you have in so many hotels because that 's more pleasant/cosy .
The hotel is very clean !
The food was very good , I especially liked the breakfast because there were a lot of different kinds of cheese , and for dinner the Asian restaurant is my favorite .
There are mainly German people in the hotel ( I think 70/80 percent ) But what I really did n't like was the music in the lobby bar en all the other bars , way to old !
I hope that next time thay have an area with modern music Advertised `` Free Parking '' We booked this hotel through Priceline .
Our confirmation state `` Free Parking '' which the hotel will not honor .
At 1.2 euros per hour - this is a scam .
Do not stay here .
Perfect the biggest room in Golden Sands and i think biggest hotel bathroom in Bulgaria .
Quiet , friendly , big beds , free internet , nice pool ... of course i will recommend this hotel to all my friends.. Everything you wish will be done We had a very nice stay in Dana Beach with 8 tennisfriends .
A suggestion i have : people from Europe are not used to play tennis on concrete underground so an other underground would give more comfort , for example imitation grass would be very nice .
Unacceptable Upon suggestion of hotel manager during our previous visit , last october we booked directly ( not through agency ) to obtain a better price for a 5 day stay and we anticipated half of the cost .
Unfortunately one of us had a serious accident ( with a 10 day stay at hospital ) one week before travel to Hasselt , so we had to cancel our trip .
Upon contacting the hotel one week before trip to cancel reservation we discovered that no refund will be possible while no advice was provided , during reservation , about cancelling policies .
We are very very unhappy about this treatment in such serious situation and after staying there a lot of times .
So in the future no more trips to this hotel will be booked from our association and we suggest all other people to be very careful .
Good price/quality rate with good breakfast Good price/quality rate .
Breakfast with a lot of choice very nice and helpful people .
They are rebuilding the hotel .
Location is perfect .
Close to Amsterdam and the highway .
Do not recommend the hotel yet because of the rebuilding , noise and dirt of the builders .
Last minute getaway in Brugge We stayed there with our big dog , we pay 20 Euro a night for him , which is I guess normal here in Europe .
He was not allowed in the restaurant though , which is also acceptable .
The staff were very friendly .
We did n't stay much in the hotel since we spent most of the days outside .
There are n't many English channel on TV unfortunately .
The location is ok if you are used to walk .
It 's about 15-20 minutes easy walk to the city center .
When we stayed there , there was a weird smell around the sitting area .
Definitely not a five star hotel !
First impression was good .
Excellent check in and given all information needed .
Then started realizing that the money we paid were far too much for what we got ! !
All staff excellent and always willing to help but lack of management and easy to see that services not even close to 5 star .
Choice of food very poor , not enough staff so employees were running like crazy , and you could tell there is a lack of management ! !
Nells Park Hotel Very pleasant stay at this hotel .
We were there only for 2 nights , but would have liked to stay longer .
The surroundings and the park around the hotel was very nice .
Also the staff of the hotel is very helpful and friendly .
Absolutely breathtaking Hotel and Villa Dievole was absolutely stunning .
You are located among the vineyards and olive trees .
The atmosphere was so relaxing with the gardens , walkways , old buildings and even the staff .
This was the most picturesque of Tuscany and I can not wait until I can go back again .
Best vacation ever !
Overall our stay at the Grand Palladium was the best vacation I have ever had .
The food choices were outstanding .
The staff were friendly and knowledgeable .
The pool was amazing , the entertainment was excellent .
We cant began to say enough good things about our stay , but we will definitely be back this year ! ! !
A good choice Stayed at the Ritz-Carlton South Beach due to a conference and the experience was excellent .
Friendly staff , great room , good breakfast , pool and gym .
A good choice for those who enjoy comfort and luxury .
Very Good Hotel fantastic Food Simply Good , the Park behind the Hotel is stunning an charming .
The People are friendly and the Food is fantastic .
The only downside was the very small bathroom , and that you have to pay extra for carparking .
At 120€ a Night I think that should be included .
Good hotel , no complaints As a young couple the hotel gave us what we expected .
Clean room .
helpful staff .
a nice balcony with sea view .
directly next to the hotel a really good pizzeria .
Unfortutanely the beach is 95 % private and no sandbeach , which of course is not the hotels fault .
Great place , friendly and efficient staff stayed for a weekend , good location between village and beach , accepts dogs - a must for us , great staff , very helpful the car park gets a little busy when there is a function on , but all worked out with a bit of cooperation ; the breakfast times are fine during the week but I would have preferred a little later cut off on Sunday - again the staff sorted it to everýone 's satisfaction .
We had a groundfloor room so access for my scootmobile was no problem and parking of the scootmobile was also sorted without any fuss - a great team , staff and management .
I would like to go byack write now Nice hotel in big territory , not on big builnding but smaller houses from the reception building till the seaside .
The best all inclusive service I have ever experienced in Egypt .
Very clean everywhere .
Mainly German guests .
Best hotel we have been to !
This hotel has everything !
Everything is very clean and well looked after , Staff are very friendly and helpfull , lots do do , all in all its an excellent place to stay , we will be going back soon !
Titanic Mutinee Clean sizeable room with good facilities in the part of the hotel we were in .
There were larger and smaller rooms than ours .
We were in the 2300 range of rooms .
Food very basic .
Although edible it was very very borring .
The all inclusive spirits had a perfume taste to them .
Vodka rum brandy whisky although were diffrent had a similar perfume flavouring .
I know some people complained .
Service of all staff was wonderful .
But a lot of them let you know they wanted tips .
There were a rody russian contingent at the hotel which broke out in fighting on at least one occassion .
City trip to Amsterdam Hotel was under construction .
Carpets where very old .
Staircase only on the outside and not heated .
The room was OK .
The TV stopped foor several moments because the internet connection was n't sufficient .
We had overall an OK stay at the hotel .
We went foor a cheap city trip and that 's what we have got .
Dust The hotel is remarkable for his position in the town , 10 minutes by foot to get to the nightlife ( Rembrantplein ) .
For the rest it is very dirty ( for example we found little insects in the room ) and the sheets were not well cleaned ( we found stains of I do n't want to know what was ) .
In addition the bathroom was very little and not you can not use the sink if the door was closed because there was no space .
It was not worth of the money we spent for it .
Very cool hotel hotel chic !
Animation team just super .
Food is delicious and all tastes.Animation team , just super , very funny guys and animation has always been a very interesting.In swimming pool water is always warm.Barman is cool , it makes cocktails before your eyes.I advise everyone to relax in this hotel !
Never again !
Hotel is placed about 30 minutes from center of Paris - metro line 12 .
Area around is awful .
Lot of homeless .
We was afraid about our safe .
Metro is located about 5-7 minutes from hotel .
Near by hotel is lot of trash throw all over the place , we saw also death rat at the street !
Room was not hoovered even 1 tine during 5 days , so it should n't happened .
Please avoid to be there .
Good , clean accommodation with friendly staff Tulip Inn was a good basic hotel .
The room was fine and the food was excellent .
It was close to the Metro and therefore easy to get to the centre of Amsterdam .
Although some rennovation was taking place it was a quiet place to stay .
Airport shuttle is not complimentary To the hotel from the hotel , the shuttle bus is gratis .
But from the hotel to the airport there are some strict rules at this hotel .
1 .
Pre-Booking is a must 2 .
But the ticket at the hotel ( bus driver does not sell the ticket ) 3 .
No information provided for the above at the reception unless you ask for that .
Many people are pull out of the shuttle bus because of this .
Good rest with my mother and my dog The atmosphere in this hotel is professional and warm at the same time .
There is a forest directly next to the hotel for doggy walks .
The reception was most helpful in every way.Thehotel was clean and well organized .
Parking is of course no problem and the shuttle service is so fantastic I left my car in the hotel parking to take my mother to the airport .
The beds were als not too hard and not too soft : perfect .
I had a bit of trouble adjusting the heating , but help was quick .
The showers are a dream .
I can recommend this hotel to anyone .
By the way I have stayed here for the third time and will do so more .
My mother is BTW 86 years old .
Thank you Steigenberger team !
Hotel is perfect !
Splendid hotel near shopping center `` Diagonal Mar '' .
Hotel staff very much .
While the hotel is not owned by Marriot so the price was much lower .
Now almost equal to the price of the Hilton , which is located nearby .
In all other respects - great !
Great Hotel !
The Hotel Gilde in Deventer , NL on Niuewstraat is the best hotel I have ever been in !
I travel the world and have never seen such a friendly and professional staff !
Every need is attended to very quickly and happily .
The food is good .
The rooms are nice and every part of the hotel bright and clean , the gardens and hotel are beautiful !
The hotel Manager , Michel stays on top of everything , leads by example and has a well trained staff .
I have been treated like family since I have been staying here ( 2 months ) .
There is no other hotel in Deventer for me but The Gilde .
I would recommend this hotel to everyone , business travellers and families !
Fine classic hotel but service needs to be improved First time with a VIP group in this hotel , I had high expectations about this heritage style hotel .
The hotel itself is fine , but the staff and service level was below standard .
It started that we had to argue to enter with the coach the parking area in front in order to off-load luggage .
Handing out the keys was slow motion and ineffecient.. At breakfast guests had to ask twice for coffee/tea , used plates remained too long on the tables .
Questions by my group members were answered politely but not being of help and not offering a solution .
On the other side the hotel building is full of character and charme Thank you for a nice stay Thanks a lot for helping us so kindly on the phone and on the reception while we had forgotten our voucher .
Our stay was a real pleasure and we are looking forward to come again .
( we booked already once your hotel and we made a mistake in the booked days and we realised only the day before our leaving at home that the period we taught we had booked , had already passed by , so we were very glad that this time every thing was getting out well ) Paradise on earth rooms are great , but should be separated for smokers and for family with children a lot of staff members , but not always efficient as supervicion is oriented for control of procedure instead of control of the result and client satisfaction : staff members have to apply strict procedures and finally not really taking care of the result ( as not responsible for the procedure itself ) beach activities are linked to tide hours ... ( only 3 hours / day .. ) and C-beach club mainly restricted to Villa residents ( even if they are not present ... ) Very clean and fresh room !
This B & amp ; B was very clean and fresh .
The owners maintained the place very well .
Beddings were warm and comfortable .
Room was equipped with TV , radio , Kettle , Coffee maker , dvd player and a tv with so many channels .
Ample towels and toiletries were provided which many other B & amp ; B do n't usually provide enough .
Owners were very generous with the breakfast servings .
Alphons was very helpful in helping us with directions in the area as well as places to visit .
The only little problem was to us since we do n't travel light and the room is 2 floors up ...
The worst vacation ever-anything but grand !
Sheets were stained too 4 times for mgmt to bring new ones all were stained .
Food was inedible bacteria haven ! ! ! !
Can not get any assistance with issues Pool closes at 7 You are stuck once you book they will not allow you to change hotels .
Now back , no one will reply to emails and they do not answer phones Only by lingual if you ask for basic Where is the bathroom forget about a conversation .
Hamburger meat was grey-set out next to hot grill Elderly beware walking long distances long waits for shuttle if you can find one ... .. Our best holiday to date We spent 5days touring Sri Lanka and 7 days at the Club Hotel Dolphin in what can only be described as our best holiday to dat .
My husaband and i travelled with our 2 adult children and their partner and the holiday was all we could have hoped for with beautiful surroundings , attentive but not intrusive staff and excellent food .
The rooms were excellent and the standard of cleanliness impeccable .
The kids room were on the beach although ours was set further back and a little hemmed in but as we were n't in the room for long it was n't a problem.We were evacuated due to a tsunami warning , during our stay and the staff dealt with the situation calmly and professionally at all times .
we were kept informed and supplied with food and drink until we were able to return to the hotel .
A wonderful holiday Value for money in Derby I stayed at the attic room which is the cheapest available in Rangemoor Park Hotel .
It is a very small room that is not very pretty , but the sheets were clean and the bed comfy .
There is a washbasin in the room and also a kettle with tea and coffee provided and replenished during service .
Shared shower and toilets are down the ( very steep ) stairs and also clean .
Full English breakfast is served on Sundays , it was nothing extraordinary , but for the price alright .
On Mondays , breakfast is served in another hotel just across the street - very basic continental with cereals , bread , one type of ham and cheese , juices , hot drinks , etc .
Overall - it 's absolutely alright for the price you pay and the breakfast - while nothing special - is a nice plus .
Dana Beach Resort - great !
What can we say .
The hotel is very very very very very very very excellent .
No bad comments at all .
The Italian coffecorner Columbus is great .
also the service of the staff is excellent .
We will come back for sure Perfect in every way Delightful situation and the view of the canal could not have been better .
We had eight rooms and all eight couples were made to feel very welcome on arrival .
The rooms were clean , big and comfortable .
The dinner was excellent and the dining room staff made sure we had a table all to ourselves .
All of the staff that we met were both efficient and friendly .
Top hotel .
This year for the 4 time we are staying in this hotel for a few years now .
Every time is a wonderfull holiday In April we will be back for a very sunny relaxing week Personal is very friendly en work very hard to please the people Nice play but not for holidays The hotel is nice and clean , but is very far from any nice sorrundings .
I was forced to stay in this area due to my business reason , but oterwise I would not suggest to come here to spend your holidys .
You can reach Madrid quite easily by using a nearby bus , but this would take an hour or so down to the city center .
Anyway the hotel is nice and personnel is very friendly and kind .
Great family friendly hotel Nice hotel with great staff .
Food a bit repeatative .
Not much choice for English .
Lots of eastern European food .
( the Russians where happy ) I will go back to this hotel next year as we had a great holiday .
Wonderful time We were traveling with our friend- 4 couples .
Had a very good time , nothing to complain except disco music needs to be adjusted , when we went to disco there was just our group no more people and we ask DJ to play some music from 80-90th and he plays only Bob Marley and some other music which is imposible to dance .
We noticed that Disco was always empty , so change the music or DJ .
Liked a lot the dancers , but when guests entertain guest with stupid dansing and running around to take shoes and pants from the audience is stupid and borring .
Maybe some people like this .
Rooms , food wonderful .
Beaches ( 3 ) are small and have rocks ( we had the water shoes ) , if you come early at the beach do n't expect towels until 8.30-9.00 am .
Overal resort is good .
I would go back but bring my own music for disco : ) Small cheap hotel It is a very small hotel in 5 km from Orly airport .
I could n't find anything interesting around it .
Room was very small and poor .
Window of the room was to the roadside and very many cars pass by this road .
Just great It was an awesome time with great animaters - espaccely Emily Amel - we miss you ; - ) we had so much fun in this hotel ...
I just can recommend this hotel to everybody and you should eat at the Asian-Restaurant ... thats just a dream ... thank you for this great time - I will come back for sure ...
Excellent hotel Have stayed for Christmas in this wonderful hotel .
Seems to be brand new , staff is very friendly and efficient , nice fitness in the eleventh floor , and rooms with the view over Tallinn Disappointed experience Similar to all Steigenburger hotels of which I stayed , the hotel was clean and the staff professional .
Advised breakfast was included when I reseved the room from the airport Welcome Center , however since I reserved the room `` from the airport '' it was not , according to the desk clerk the next morning .
Fantastic and luxury place .
I was second time in Egypt .
Sunrise Mamlouk is very lovely hotel with interesting architecture an beautiful gardens , the atmosphere was amazing , comfortable room , the food very tasty , and relaxing music in the restaurant .
The waiters from Lobby Bar Mina , Weal and Milad Restaurant bar were realy reliable , helpful and litle bit serious .
Very important was for me active rest during holiday.My expectations about that meet team of animators , especially : Aldo and Negga and girls of aerobic.They are proffesional , creative and always smiling young people.The animation team are have positive attitude to life and doing good job in hotel .
Thanks to you , we came back tp Poland satisfied and relaxed .
Dana Beach 2013 It was the second time at Dana Beach and we were pleases that the childrens swimmingpool was also heated now .
Last year it was n't .
and due to the weather it was to cold for the children to use that pool ; We will come back to Dana Beach .
Danish vote A super holiday - but : the staff did not understand much english .
A big and nice appartement - but the madrasses of the bed were awfull hard .
And - we stayed without any pension and the kitchenware were very deficient .
We would not have been able to cook a meal og we had to cook water for coffee in a pot .
TV signal was not good and we missed a up to date flat screen .
finally we had to pay 20 Euro for internet for a week - that should be included .
But - a very relaxing stay with nice people and service in top .
A stay we always will remember with joy and happiness Dana Beach Resort - the place to stay in Hurghada Nice , spacious and yet compact hotel area with all the things you want for a beach holiday inside the hotel area .
Lots of restaurants to choose from , friendly and humorous staff , good facilities and some activities and peace and quiet for those who want that .
Mostly german guests + 50 years old .
Some families with children also .
Not a partyplace in a good sence .
A nightclub right across the street .
Nice hotel Spacious room and modern style ( not old like in other polish hotel ) Staff well prepared and kind .
Good quality breakfast .
Wi-fi Free and good conncetion .
We tried the restaurant , good quality food but service really really slow , despite not so many people to serve Surprising good stay !
I stayed in a redecorated and refurnished room .
That was a surprise .
Had a very good stay for two nights .
Restaurant was ok , although that atmosphere did not match the new room .
But maybe the next stay that area will be done as well .
Be sure to ask for a new room !
Good budget location for budget travelers The Location is excellent within walking distance to Tivoli and the city center in general , plus being such a huge building you could easily spot it from a distance and never get lost .
The bar on the ground floor is opened till late and serves cheap Carlsberg .
Maybe the staff is not as friendly as one can expect but they have to deal with hundreds of guest , maybe one thousand , in busy weekend night , so they may be excused .
Overall this is a good budget accommodation ( I booked one bed in a dorm ) for one weekend for people on a budget .
I will be back in my next stay at Copenhagen .
Nice hotel , excellent cuisine Nice and clean hotel .
First day when we arrived the toilet wasnt clean .
Second day was toilet cleaned and rest of our stay we had no problem with this .
Breakfast is very good , dinner is excellent .
We stayed six night in this hotel , and we were very safisfied .
We really enjoyed our stay .
OK hostel We decided to go to Barcelona just on the spoor of the moment : bought plane tickets just one week before .
There were no many hostels still available .
The hotel is new and nicely designed , however it does n't have such a hostel atmosphere .
The common area is very small .
The room we stayed in was unbelievable small .
It was a 6-person dorm , but I think it was originally designed to be a 4-person one .
Was n't that easy to move around .
Breakfasts are n't included in the price , however there is a supermarket just next door , so you can grab something to eat there .
The perfect resort for the perfect holiday It was a perfect choice for wonderful holidays !
The service was marvellous !
The staff 's foreign languages and general competences were excellent .
The hotel offered great leisure activities .
THE BEST ANIMATIONS which I 've ever seen - especially water gym with Sasha and kuku ! ! !
This man is amazing - very funny and friendly for hotel guests.I 'll come back here next year !
Fantastic view to the old city The hotel is located in a centre of Tallinn just at a very short walking distance from the old city and at a short driving distance from the airport .
I have absolutely nothing to complain about : everything was good .
Two things were especially great .
The first one was a panoramic view to the old city : the dawning that highlighted it by red sunbeams was absolutely fantastic .
The second one was the buffet breakfast : it was very various and it was served since very early morning ( so I was not deprived of it before my morning flight ) .
The price was not cheap ( fortunately , I did n't paid it myself ) but reasonable and the hotel definitely worths it .
Great overall vacation - part of wedding party The hotel itself is beautiful .
Very spacious and comfortable rooms .
The villas are nicely laid out across the expansive grounds .
Its basically a luxury cruise ship concept but on land.The grounds are very extensive and so the walking can be far from the main buildings .
However its a good daily exercise .
Amazing hotel Hotel is very beaituful .
There is a lot of bars and a la carte restaurants.We could easily make reservation for a la carte restaurants and we mostly liked to have a dinner in ottoman restaurant .
Just good place for business There are good conference rooms with all necessary infrastructure , good location allowing you to have nice evening , pool , restaurants , internet , 5 minutes to airport - everything you need to do a business and relax after that .
Interior is superb as well as rooms .
Cheap , but miserable I requested a non-smoking room , only to find a cigarette in the toilet .
After calling reception , they offered me an upgrade .
This however requires walking all around the hotel , and there is only one set of elevators for each floor ( the hotel is a pyramid , and the elevators are only in one corner ) .
The food was expensive .
And my salad was a dressing soup topped with some lettuce .
Good - but the restaurant is a dive !
For fast in and out as business traveller for a couple of days it is OK - but Key Hotel and Swisshotel are far better and offer more for the business traveller in terms of service !
The sports ( pool ) area is boring and small .
Only plus is the view of the city from the fitness room .
The roof top bar is great and unmatched by other hotels .
The restaurant is OK for breakfast but incredibly boring for lunch and dinner .
Nice hotel in the middle of Holland .
Nice *** star hotel in the middle of Holland .
Good start up for excursions , and also not far away from Utrecht , Amsterdam , and The Haque .
The hotel is a little bid old furnished .
The central location and the friendly staff is perfect .
There is no restaurant for lunch or dinner .
The hotel is working together with diffrent restaurants in the city of Woerden .
Breakfast is good .
There is free WIFI in the hotel .
Nice hotel for this price .
Everything ok For you exspectations and use everything was ok .
Very near to the beach .
Good room and climation .
No balcony , only italien tv no german no english .
the parking situation is a little chaos , but we always find a place .
the service at breakfast is bad and there are only a few things to eat .
very loud at the weekends because of event outside .
Very bad hotel There are mice in the hotel room .
All furniture is in very poor conditions .
However the location is very good .
it is close to all attractions and amenities .
The size of room is reasonable , but floor , walls and ceiling are in very poor conditions .
The breakfast is very modest and the choice is very poor .
In overall I would not recommend this hotel .
It is really very basic .
Dana Beach - a bit of heaven on earth .
My husband and I have been staying at the Dana Beach for nearly 6 years sometimes on our own and sometimes with our family who also visit alone .
We have sometimes stayed more than once a year so I 'm sure that says it all .
There is absolutely nothing to dislike about the hotel .
It is spotlessly clean , food is excellent and staff are all really friendly.Itis a shame more British people do n't visit but this is not a problem - they really do n't know what they are missing .
We will be returning December 14th and staying until January 11th and ca n't wait.We have made so many friends there it is like visiting family .
I am very upset about this hotel !
The room I was staying in was very old-fashioned .
When you come in the door , on the left hand side there is a old cabinet and old commode with an very old tube television .
I am no technical novice , but I tried 5 minutes hard , to get this TV working ... I even was thinking about calling the room service , to ask about the TV .
After the TV worked , I settled down on my bed , but what was the first thing to see ? ? ?
You guessed right , a big dirty spot on sheet .
After staying 10 minutes in the room I was already really angry !
Dirty public restrooms Friendly staff Relaxing & friendly !
Although the hotel was under renovation during my visit , It was friendly & comfortable .
I am looking forward to be back in Dec. After the renovation is completed beginning of Nov .
Excellent spot for a brilliant holiday Very welcoming !
The hotel has ample parking , and a great lobby .
The rooms were clean and comfortable ; the staff very attentive .
Although we stayed at a very busy time ( the last few days of Octoberfest ) , the staff paid attention to detail and we felt very welcome .
Make sure to go downstairs for a nice breakfast ; the buffet had a fantastic healthy selection !
Make sure to unload your luggage at the entrance , as there is a set of stairs from the parking lot .
A great location We stayed in a beach villa overlooking the sea ( number 50 ) it was in a beautiful position , was very clean and well furbished .
The area in front of our villa was used for the several marriage ceremonies we witnessed from our porch during our stay .
The grounds around our villa were maintained to a very high standard as was the reception area and also the dining area .
Our villa was positioned towards the quiet pool area of the complex and i feel i can only comment on this area as we did not visit the large pool where the animators conducted games of various kinds.Wearein our sixties and wanted a quiet holiday , which is exactly what we got .
The Vivaldi Hotel , quaint & friendly The Vivaldi Hotel ( Puteaux , France ) is in walking distance to the metro ( Paris ) .
Although the room was small it was clean and quite servicable ( we spent most days sight-seeing in Paris .
We were treated to a full breakfast daily and the staff was friendly and very patient .
Special thank you ( s ) to the guest services associates Oliver & Marjoleine .
They were both helpful in providing directions and general info .
My wife and I especially enjoyed speaking with Oliver , and exchanging our respective views on life in France and the U.S .
I do not know when we will get to France ( Europe ) again , but we will definitely consider the Vivaldi Hotel again .
The best holiday ever , we will be back again Dana is the best and we will be back again and again .
This year we have been staying at Dana 2 times .
Last year 2 times , the year before 2 times ... ... .. We have had friends who have been at Dana morew than once Basic hotel outside the Amsterdam Quite OK hotel next to Amsterdam.Major advantage is free parking and subway station within 8 mins walk .
There is nothing but highway close to hotel .
In 5 minutes drive you can find McDonalds .
Very well conected to Amsterdam city center - 8 min walk + 25 mins subway Close to the airport , far from Paris After a business meeting in Paris , I lost my flight back due to the proverbial after-work traffic .
I looked for accomodation at the ariport and found Ibis Hotel Paris Charles de Gaulle Paris Nord 2 a reasonable one .
The price is ok , the rooms are clean and functional .
This is surely not a hotel to stay when you want to visit Paris , but is a choice to consider when you just want to spend a night and get fast to the airport first thing in the morning .
Appart from that , nothing special .
Big , clean , impersonal .
Staff can be friendly or not .
Restaurants are ok , but not outstanding .
Great Hotel !
We had a great one night stay at the hotel .
Big pluss is the huge park in connection to the hotel .
Our one year old son loved to run around there and there was a big playground in the park only a couple of hundred meters from the hotel .
I would most certainly recommend this hotel ! !
A fantastic weekend break at the sea A beautiful beach hotel , less than an hour from Thessaloniki , with fantastic sea view and one of the best beaches ( organized - blue flag ) I ever visited , ideal for a weekend break or a long summer holiday .
There are many things to do ( water sports , mountain excursions etc ) .
My kids were very enthusiastic with the pool ( there are two ) and the lift that takes you from pool level to the beach and vice versa .
The personnel is very friendly , there were many facilities ( beach bar , restaurant , mini market , cafe ) and the service was at a high level .
I strongly recommend it .
A very pleasant place This is a very pleasant hotel .
The neightborhood is nice , very central .
It is few minutes away from everything you might need .
The rooms are big and very clean .
The bathroom is'n extremely large but yet comfortable and clean .
Internet connection is free and high speed .
A nice table to work in your room .
Definitively a good place for a business trip or a holiday .
Excellent holiday and excellent staff This was our fourth trip to Egypt and first to this Hotel .
We were not disappointed as our travel ágent had made a mistake with our booking and the hotel manager sorted it for us efficiently .
The staff were wonderful and could not have been more welcoming or helpful .
Mainly Russian tourists and guests with some Germans thrown in but would most definitely return to this hotel in the future as could not fault anything .
The food , variety of , and the offer to dine anywhere in any of seven or so different dining rooms in the resort was a bonus .
Definitely worth the money and really enjoyed our stay , well done to all the staff we met .
Budget stay in Paris I suppose you get what you pay for .
The breakfast was decent enough .
The accommodation itself left something to be desired : the room was rather small ( the twin bed took up 2/3rds of the space ) ; the bathroom was very small , with gaps in the wall and exposed pipes that were rather noisy .
There was a certain amount of dust on the floor .
The location itself was rather good , with a number of decent shops and restaurants that I made use of .
The most enjoyable vacation for me and family It 's one of the best holidays we ever had in hurghada .
We decided to visit Dana beach resort again in our next holiday .
Thanks to the friendly stuff , excellent management , it was the best holiday Great stay at Ibis Bilbao in November It is one of the Ibis chain hotels and , as such , it offers a business oriented services , everything is clean , the amenities are well known at the time of booking .
Not a place for family with kids or if you are used at 4/5* comfort .
The place is good enough for couples in leisure holidays or for business trips .
Great location not far from the city centers and we never needed any bus ride during our stay .
Many restaurants are close by , the receptionists have been happy to give a recommendation about cheap place to eat and the best neighborhoods for pintxos hopping ! ! ! ! !
Best holiday in hotel Topaz Club In our 14 days stay in all inclusive vas great.Incredible size of the suite , clean and very luxury.Food is good , nice coktails.Staff is wery friendly , especialy animation team and manager Mohamed , he ensures that everything you need is there.Thank you all.We enjoyed it .
Cheap yet Comfy Option 2 days in Amsterdam South This hotel lies in the south of Amsterdam .
The area around is not what you expect from Amsterdam .
However , a Tram stop is less than 5 minutes away walking from the hotel .
From there it was almost 20 minutes to downtown Amsterdam .
The hotel rooms are OK by European standards .
Might be small for American standards .
The rooms are very clean and the staff there are very polite and speak excellent English .
Best holidays ever !
Everything was excellent .
We enjoyed the time on the beach and the friendliness of the people working there .
Fantastic food , breathtaken view from the bar .
Great music and moments that we will always remember .
See you next year .
Absolutely horrible accommodation for the money Tiny room , no place to put luggage .
Dark , crazily designed bathroom with no electrical outlet , no soap dish in shower ( no bathtub ) , minuscule shelf for personal amenities .
Room was fully visible from the outside , and cleaning staff left curtains open daily , allowing anyone to see your belongings .
Meager , horrible breakfast , on a frigid outdoor terrace ( in February ) , with no indoor option whatsoever .
Entrance to rooms only by passing through bar area .
Totally overpriced , lousy service , bad location ( noise from houses close-by ) .
To be avoided at all costs .
Nice winter city trip in Köln We enjoyed a very nice weekend break in the Köln Dorint .
Thanks to the special weekend rates during january we decided to make this extra winter city trip.Köln is really worth visiting , and the Dorint a very comfortable place to stay .
It only was a pity that the underground parking did cost us exact 50 % of the room rate .
But the rooms were indeed very comfortable and the food excellent !
IBIS Leeds city center The Ibis Leeds is generally a good hotel for its price .
I would say its a good 2 star hotel .
Its clean and satisfies all the basic needs , The room i got was small but functional - it had TV , Closed and a desk .
the bed was n't the most comfortable but was 'ok ' .
the bath room was small but had a cool design .
Other than that the receptionists were very friendly and quick .
There was not much diversity on breakfast but it was fresh and in good quality .
The hotel is about a 20 minutes walking distance from the city center and theres nothing around .
If you 're low on budget its the place for you .
Excellent Really excelent hotel , clean and beautiful room , comprehensive choice of delicious food and drinks in different restaurant , beach near the hotel , very nice people ( animators , waiters , cooks , receptionist , cleaning men ... ) , great animations program - step aerobic , oriental dance and specially water gym : - ) and at night disco .
I of course recommend Dana Beach !
Really a nice and modern hotel This is a nice hotel , very well located in the town of Ness .
It is modern and the room had a coffee/tea machine for your own free coffee or tea !
This was really appreciated by us .
The staff was very helpfull and friendly .
The bathroom was a little small , but clean .
Good size tv ! ! !
They serve a really nice breakfast.This hotel offers good value for money ! ! !
The only missing thing was a hotel lounge where you can sit and relax or read a paper .
French 'n friendly Nice hotel with a friendly and helpful staff , but very small rooms .
Found the socks of the previous guest under the bed , which tells something about the cleaning efforts .
There are good patisseries and brasseries nearby , so we skipped the hotel breakfast .
The metro ( station Les Gobelins ) is pretty close , and bus stops to take you to the centre or the other side of the river are also nearby .
And the Luxemburg gardens are also in walking distance .
During the stay we were not able to connect to the Wifi , not even with the help of the staff .
So , this hotel is well located , but do n't expect anything beyond basics .
Coming to rest Friendly , clean hotel , with good sound isolation , so in general no noise from outside the room ! ! ! !
The wellness is an absolute pluspoint , tram to the centre of cologne stops right in front .
There 's underground parking but expensive .
I 've been coming to this hotel since 2000 and still returning .
The new management is a definete improvement Central location Good location , 2 minutes from Duomo , but very loud location , not possible to have a quite night sleep at all .
Very small rooms , old furnished .
Frankly only to recommend for young students who do not need sleep in the night and need a good location for little money !
Not a comfortable hotel at all .
The rooms are not worth its price even for 50 euro a night .
Breakfast is no go , but there are enough good locations everywhere to have a good coffee and snack in the morning .
Upper rooms were very small without own bathrooms and WC .
So , it is not really a hotel , but low budget room accommodation .
I wil not recommend anyone to stay there .
Sorry : - ) A little piece of heaven A nice hotel in a good place ... At 2 steps from downtown !
Breakfast is wonderful !
Vital Spa is nice but interesting because accessible from 7 am to 11 pm !
Koln contains a lot of shopping and church !
One of the cleanest Travelodges I 've been to !
This Travelodge is well placed in the City Centre and a short walk from the station and a short walk to the shops , restaurants etc .
that Leeds has to offer .
The rooms are one of the cleanest Travelodges I 've been too however the corridors and reception area is a little rough from all of the Hen/Stag weekend traffic .
There were a few Stag weekenders checking in when we were however we did n't experience any noise or unpleasantness that would stop us from coming back in the future for our city breaks to Leeds .
It a good location , basic , clean and thats all I can ask for for the price .
Best hotel in Frankfurt Always is one of the best hotel I ever use .
last 2 years the day I decide to visit Frankfurt , I make sure that I will have a nice journey in Steigenberger Hotel .
Even in Hamburg , Steigenberger hotel is Waww .
Can not fault I found this hotel one of the best I have stayed in while travelling in Europe for value and service .
I felt the attention to detail , from the staffs attitudes to the room itself was exceptional .
Location of the hotel and dinner excellent -small rooms but a big balcony in rooms with seasight -breakfeast ( buffet ) is good , dinner is excellent -bathroom small , but clean -matras familyroom was hard and bad in the single room -Dutch ; 42 , 66 and 67 years -wifi is free Le Méridien Munich We have stayed in this hotel for 4 nights recently .
Our room was a city view room facing Street..
So from a view perspective , there is nothing that we can wow about ! ! !
The decor of the hotel is very old just another 3 star hotel standard ! ! !
Nothing special ! ! !
The room does have a LCD TV , i will not stay in this Hotel Again .
Bit pricey and but away from center You need to count 20-30 minutes walking time to get to Dubling city center from this hotel .
There is no sauna nor swimming pool .
Flat TV with discovery but no HBO .
In my room mattress was ok and it was quiet but I had room with view on wall : ) Most of colleagues were complaining for the mattresses being old and some for noises from outside ( train in particular ) .
Service on the other hand was very good and the stuff is quite international : ) But still I had to ask for the welcome drink voucher .
We 've got special price of 160 EUR/night , normal price was 199 EUR/night including breakfast .
I think it 's too much for what it offers .
Great resort the hotel is very clean and all the people who are working their are very friendly and willing to help .
The food in general is very very good also the rooms Lovely hotel .
Stayed at hotel for a week in June & again in October .
Hotel is lovely , very clean & tidy .
Staff were lovely and willing to assist with anything they could help with .
Both times all inclusive , food was okay , got abit repetitive at times so opted to visit the sister hotel next door on a few occasions as there appeared to be more of a variety there also a few visits where payed to mcdonalds wich is situated only a 5 minute walk away .
On 1st visit in June there appeared to be hardly any English people at all staying in the hotel , mainly German & Russian , yet on our second stay , there were quite a few english families .
A wonderful stay !
Martha and Alphons are fantastic hosts .
They are very friendly and knowledgeable about Spakenburg and the surrounding area .
The rooms were neat , very clean , wonderfully decorated and comfortable .
The breakfast was delicious and everything was offered - cheese , fruit , breads , juice , coffee , tea and chocolate sprinkles ( my personal favourite ) .
The location is in a nice , safe , quiet street close to a supermarket and the bus stop .
Good quality bikes were available to hire to get you into the town centre quickly .
I will definitely be returning on my next trip to Holland !
Beautiful hotel with amazing staff best holiday The room was lovely , cleaned really well everyday with a beautiful view , food tasted good and there was lots of choice the hotel is the nicest i have ever stayed in and exceeded my expectations .
My impressions are generally very good and I feel very good according the price..excellent sea.very friendly people .
i would like to be again in that place .
i will not forget the smilling faces of the emploeys of the hotel and how helpfull they were > Excellent location This hotel has an excellent location , just across the bridge from the Palace of Westminster and at walking distance to numerous touristic attractions .
Within 5 minutes walking distance were tube stations and bus stations .
We enjoyed fast and smooth check-in and check-out procedures .
The studio rooms were very spacious , luxurious and kept very clean , with modern furniture and relaxing colors .
Bathroom is large and good quality toiletries were provided , including bathrobes and slippers for the entire family .
We appreciated the self-catering facilities provided and complimentary access to internet .
Definitely we will be back at this hotel , next time in London .
Frankfurt 's finest !
The Frankfurter Hof is surrounded by some of Europe 's most impressive skyscrapers .
The building itself is only a few stories tall , but still it manages to impress with it 's classical palace-like architecture .
The main entrance is a small letdown .
One would expect to enter the building through the front gate .
Instead , the entrance is a small door on the side of the building .
Once inside , the elegance and atmosphere of the lobby will quickly remind you why you chose this hotel .
Good 4 stars hotel The Empire Palace is a good 4 stars hotel .
Good staff , comfortable bed and great breakfast .
Both room and bathroom were a bit small though .
It 's within walking distance of Rome 's most important sights .
Hotel Tornese ever !
I am a customer of this hotel for over 10 years , but I have never experienced such a miserable service this year .
For years we enmenons friends and family with us , but this is the last time !
The hotel Tornese lost regular customers !
Very disappointing , over-priced and rude staff Hotel is very over-priced considering that you get dated rooms with old and hard linen , towels etc. , poor selection and quality of food at breakfast and many parts of the hotel were closed or under refurbishment , rude and unfriendly staff ruined our stay and the hotel boasts about its art collection when it should pay more attention to customer service and standards for guests Melia Grand Hermitage ... hard to leave it !
That 's for sure : I 'LL BE BACK ! ! ! ! !
Everything was unexpected in the good way as possible !
I got 5 days of maximum relax time .
I 'm from Romania , i love my country , but the bulgarians are better than us at tourism !
Congratulations ! ! !
Looks definitely do n't mean anything The reception area looks very good , and almost newly decorated .
The outside looks dated , but in a good enough state .
This does n't describe the state of the rooms themselves though .
The hotel offers Wireless Internet for an additional €15 Euros for 24 hours , which is okay , but in my opinion should be free nowadays .
The other guests that I have seen were labourers probably from one of our eastern European countries and working in Paris ; in addition I have to say that I also have stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels where people look fine , but from personality are far worse .
Looks definitely do n't mean anything !
Good for bed and breakfast Only there for one night so can not comment on longer stays but usual expected features but possible tired for a hotel with higher expectations .
We paid a last minute price thus was 'cheap ' for this hotel and extremely reasonable compared to other places we had stayed in Tuscany .
Had we paid the full price we would have been disappointed as no way worth the usual 130 euros for a small double room .
City of good food The hotel is laying in the real center of Lyon and the old parts of town is all around .
Very close there are lots of narrow old streets with shopping of all kind and you can also find excusive cloth boutiques , antic shops for books and funiture , etc .
Afew blocks away there ia also a large walking street with shopping and restaurants and in every corner you will find bars where you can sit down and rest your legs and cool down with a drink !
There is a lot of historical place to visit and if interested in real good gastronomic eating then you make a visit to famous Paul Bocuse restaurant .
Too expensive for ordinary service The only advantage of this hotel is location .
It is located 7 minutes away by foot from Amsterdam cetral train terminal .
The price is too expensive for such ordinary service .
The room is too small , the bathroom is not clean , moreover , there was a problem with bathroom equipment - after the shower always water on the floor .
The food was very usual - fast food on breakfast .
The booking conditions were - free cancelation , but they charged me full amount with no explanation .
I have spend 1 month to get my money back .
It was employee 's fault .
Anyway , think before making booking of this hotel .
A brilliant oasis in a desert wilderness What a terrific hotel resort , fantastically clean when one thinks of 700 rooms but always lots of space , the pools and the beach were constantly cleaned and manicured and sun beds were more than enough for everyone , with pool and beach towels always available .
We stayed on an all inclysive service and we could not fault the food or drink in any of the hotels restaurants or bars and the waiter service was totally five star .
The main nationalities were German and Swiss and afew of us Brits , but no problems there everyone got on really well .
Friendly , helpful hosts Our hosts were friendly and very helpful .
Everything was wonderfully clean and the en-suite bathroom was ingeniously placed .
A wonderful range of food for breakfast and we were offered scrambled egg on toast - after 3 weeks in france on bread and jam this was a feast to behold .
On Sunday morning we saw the ladies going to church in traditional dress which was wonderful to see .
Budget hotel at the Terminale Centrale , Milan This hotel is located a couple of blocks from the central Railway station in Milan , Italy , called Terminal Centrale .
This budget hotel is in a generally OK condition , the room and the bathroom were in a good shape .
Given the fact that it is located at a major intersection the noise level was higher than usual .
The only bad thing was , that the restaurant area and the breakfast was really poor quality , and they even charged us despite the fact that we had that covered in the reservations .
After complaining at the check out , it was obvious that the receptionist will not confirm what the `` check-in '' receptionist already did , that our reservation covers the breakfast as well !
For the 2nd time a fantastically stay A big hotel ( about 700 rooms ? )
and a slendid garden and in some swimmingpool warm water .
They keep in repair very well ; they were painting now the balcony and in the passed yaer they had made new foot-paths .
The rooms are very clean .
Many people are also working in the garden and the water in the lagune and pond get cleaned the whole day .
There are a few couple from the Netherlands ; most people came from Germany .
Good choice We stayed for just one night in the hotel and our main focus was to do some sight seeing in Lyon .
The hotel is located very close to the subway station and it takes just a few stations to the inner city .
So the location is very convenient .
There were parking spaces available in front of the hotel .
When checking in and out the staff was very friendly .
Our room was spacy and clean and the bathroom was clean as well .
Since we did n't have breakfast I ca n't judge the restaurant .
In summary the hotel is a good option for short stays/ city breaks .
Wonderful facility , but ... Hotel was great with a superb staff , room and restaurants .
We chose the hotel for relaxation before our journey home .
The SKY ( spa ) was a disappointment - not due to facility .
The sauna/steam room area was constantly invaded by families and singles in swim wear , including children with goggle and floaties - with no spa etiquette .
The staff did an excellent job of keeping unaccompanied children out of pool and work out area .
However , the sauna/steam room area was not managed as well .
I suggest the staff tell quests proper etiquette and dress for use of those facilities as well as additional signage so guests like us can enjoy the excellent facilities .
Up to expectations for a Holiday Inn Express We stayed here with a group of 8 people during a short city break .
The location is great , just a few minutes walking from a shopping street /area with plenty of shops ( including a supermarket ) , bars and restaurants .
The property respected frequent guest status and offered free internet as the property only has 1 room type and no upgrades were available .
Amenities at the hotel are minimal ( there 's not real bar , but a vending machine is available on the ground floor with sodas , sandwiches and snacks ) .
No great luxury , but when looking for affordable , clean accommodation in a good location , then this is your spot !
Dorint hotel Will defiantly return to this hotel , staff where lovely , the lobby was welcoming hotel was in great condition and the rooms very comfortable , Köln city centre is only a short scenic walk from room Amazing holiday The hotel was massive and had everything that I could possibly need .
Amazing value for money and excellent location .
The staff were AMAZING , they made the whole holiday and even to the point where we extended our stay .
Loved the amination staff especially Eran , is a true friend for life A very good all inclusive hotel We did not have any higher expectations at all when we arrived to the hotel .
Once we stepped into the hotel lobby everything changed .
The area looked very luxurous and spacy .
The hotel room was top class .
We highly recommend this hotel .
Ann/Lelle The worse Hotel In Miami South Beach I booked this hotel for seven days but after two nights I had to change it .
From the room you can hear every noice .
A party took place in the room next to mine and lasted until 3am .
After calling the reception at 2am asking to contact the persons in the room to finish the party , nothing happened .
The bed , especially the mattress were unconfortable !
You might be pleasantly surprised Our room was very clean as was the whole hotel .
Food was good always a very good choice in each restaurant .
There are 5 restaurants and they are all very good.Foodwas always hot too .
Neither of us suffered with delly belly !
Staff were friendly and helpful .
The beach was always busy and had to get there early to get a sunbed .
.
I had massages in the health Club that is near the gym .
I would advise to have treatments at the hotel health Club as this is better and more professional .
We did a few diving trips and a trip to Mahmya Island .
Come only when you are a family with lots of kids !
This was a weird stay .
Tho Hotel it 's self was okay .
There were just ALOT of people .
Seemed like the staff could n't handle the amount of people .
The food was DELICIOUS - one you got to it .
The pool area is crowded as hell .
No room there .
Very loud music .
The beach was very nice .
Water was very clean .
Room cleaning was terrible .
Complaints handling took hours .
Only go when you like ALOT of people .
: ) Centrally located but low value hotel For 160€ without breakfast I believe I should get a decent room also in Paris , but this was not the case .
The room size is unbearable and the bathroom is even smaller .
Asked for an iron than never arrived , they offered me access to the full continental breakfast : what a shame , and they even charge some 13€ for that .
Not recommended at all !
Swiming swans in the pond and park view from lobby A pleasant location where you can just walk around the pond and be cared for in a very hospitable way in the hotel .
The food and variety is great with a friendly staff .
Well worth the money and time spent .
Good value for money As a HH Diamond I booked a standard guest room and got upgraded to an Executive room .
Even though the hotel is build in the 70s everything was in good shape .
Lobby , Executive Lounge and Room left a good impression .
The rooms are on the smaller side but again my room seemed to be in good shape .
As a Diamond you get the choice of breakfast either in the Exec .
Lounge or restaurant .
As I had a very early flight I did not get a chance to try the breakfast .
Checkin was fast , convenient and friendly .
With a rate of 95€ the price was good food an airport hotel .
Would recommend when in transit .
Very good and nice hotel .
Very friendly personal .
We are surely coming back to this very good hotel .
Everything was great .
Very very good .
Food and drinks were great .
There was nothing that we did not like at this hotel .
Swimmingpools enough ! ! !
Great location , small rooms Stayed here before and after an educational conference in Barcelona ( our plane flew into Madrid ) .
The location of this hotel ca n't be beat .
It is minutes from numerous restaurants , bars , etc .
and centrally located between the Prado and the Palace -- great for walking .
The Metro also has a key station minutes from the front door .
The staff were helpful .
The rooms were on the small side and the amenities ( like Internet access ) were spotty at best .
But it was great value for an adult vacation in Madrid .
Very nice hotel , very nice room with maisonette breakfast quite expensive but overall very nice hotel , very clean and modern .
I would recommend this hotel both for business as for pleaseure / family visit of Cologne .
Very good parking possibilties .
Idea Hotel Milano San Siro The hotel is located near the ring road , near the football stadium .
So initially you want to recommend it to football fans and those who drive .
In general , the hotel is modern , with a large car park .
Service is normal .
Maid service is good .
The staff is friendly , but once again not work ( when we arrived , we had to ourselves dostovat much luggage and carry in our room ) .
Breakfast at the hotel buffet , no frills .
Ofitsyanty while working well .
Had dinner in the city , as in the evening in the hotel bar just worked .
In general , a positive impression of the hotel .
Great hotel , kind personnel , delicious food We got a two-day trip to this hotel for our wedding , so we did n't choose it ourselves .
We 're glad though that our friends picked this hotel .
It 's a very warm and comfy hotel which makes you feel at home right away .
Our room was small but sufficient.It was definitely clean which is most important to us .
The bathroom was pretty new and also absolutely clean .
We enjoyed breakfast and one dinner at the hotel and it was both great .
We had a 4-month-old baby with us and the personnel was very keen to find a good table for us and the stroller .
There is a small Park right next to the hotel which is nice to take a walk .
The center of Trier is just a 10-15 minute drive away .
All in all we enjoyed the hotel very much and can recommend it .
Hotel Titanic Beach Spa & Aqua Park This hotel was fantastic the staff ca n't do enough for you .
They are friendly and funny .
The food was good and varied .
the complex is vast and beautiful .
The rooms are immaculately clean and it is an all inclusive package .
Would definitely stay here again .
Great holiday !
Our holiday was very nice .
We had a week in Melia Hotel and enjoyed it .
We booked a room with sea view and the view was really amasing .
The food was good , the staff was really helpfull and friendly , we felt very good as everywhere everybody was always there to give us information or help .
The price of the room was very reasonable as well and we will book again now with the early discounts definitely .
Try the sea view room and the Bulgarian night with bulgarian food and drinks , it 's very delicious !
A wonderful stay !
Martha and Alphons are fantastic hosts .
They are very friendly and knowledgeable about Spakenburg and the surrounding area .
The rooms were neat , very clean , wonderfully decorated and comfortable .
The breakfast was delicious and everything was offered - cheese , fruit , breads , juice , coffee , tea and chocolate sprinkles ( my personal favourite ) .
The location is in a nice , safe , quiet street close to a supermarket and the bus stop .
Good quality bikes were available to hire to get you into the town centre quickly .
I will definitely be returning on my next trip to Holland !
Never again loud and noisy , despite rule tat fron 22 ; 00 everything must be quit , staff says ; bad luck'also staaf was responsible for serious damage on my motorcycle , which was put in a bike shed'only they could enter ' no adequate respons to that .
So , same price as cheap hotel , crappy room , food is horrible , we left it and went into town for food , no night rest and a few 100 euro damage on motorbike.. Best hotel in Hurghada first class service in every department from cleaners to waiters and service desk at reception , booked a double room with wife and grandaughter and was given a free upgrade to a junior suite , what more can i say excellent food and drinks plenty sunbeds at pools and beach Absolutely gorgeous and super relaxing hotel Stayed here with my wife for a short holiday .
Plus points - unique bed , built-in rain shower/bath tub , delicious French cuisine , very friendly staff , candy on the bed , in-room FREE coffee/tea , lovely and peaceful surroundings and the little gift when leaving the hotel was awesome .
Min points - tiny dinner portions : - ( Such a lovely hotel , everything was excellent the hotel rooms were excellent and the bathrooms were large , very clean , the food had such a variety .
I am british and I went with my friends ( 4 ) and the ages ranged from 35 to 65 Mixed bag like all hotels in the NL , the rooms are tiny ( kind of hot in the night 'cuase you ca n't open the window as - most important - the rooms on the street side are extremly noisy throughout the night .
The bath is sort of even tinier .
Matress is really soft but may be ok ; the whole think has a certain shabby touch and the philosophical statements are not reflected by the staff who works just like in any other hotel bur without any friendly touch City Break In this day and age to charge Euro 20.00 for Wi-Fi a day is silly - low band should be free in your room .
This is generally pitched as a business hotel , in a business area and therefore should be inclusive .
Fantasic hotel .
Will definitely be returning This hotel is fantasic , we went for a chilled out week away and it was amazing , the staff can not do enough for you it 's ideally situated on the beach and it has it 's own waterpark which is great fun .
The hotel rooms are really big and spacious and cleaned daily and free soft drinks and water in the fridge which is restocked daily .
The all inclusive is 24 hours so the nightclub actually gets used for what it 's there for as normally once the all inclusive finishes people tend to begrudge paying for drinks so go back to there room so this is good that you do n't have to and people stay in there .
The red square in Moscow Hurghada is generally speaking a good place for a few days of relax , the beach is not so good.The Hotel is nice , but if you do n't like the worst Russians all together , that is not the place you want to go.Avoid the buffet , the food is poor , the best restaurant is the turkish , try to make a reservation .
Animation is great , especially the cool Riko , that at least speaks english , otherwise prepare yourself to an intensive Russian speaking course .
The staff is very good , with some exceptions .
One big minus , prepare yourself to very persistent shop workers that bother you all the time trying to sell you all kind of things .
Great hotel directly on the strip !
We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during our trip around the US over summer .
The hotel was very nice .
It was held clean and everyone was very friendly .
The hotel is very big and it takes quite a while to get from one place to the other , especially to get to the casino and the shops .
It also takes quite long to walk through the entire hotel to get to the strip through the main entrance .
But it is a very nice walk through pretty much the whole hotel .
As the hotel was only built a few years ago it is not run down at all and is very modern .
Thoroughly enjoyable holiday From arriving at the hotel the staff could n't do enough for us .
The bungalow was excellent , the pool guys always helped and were very pleasant .
The waiters were friendly , pleasant and helpful.The a la carte restaurant and the fish restaurant were excellent and good value .
We have travelled all over the world and rate this as one of the best holidays .
My husband became disabled in recent years and the help we received from the staff made it a holiday we could relax and enjoy without any stress to myself .
The only down side was the dress code in the restaurants as in a hotel of this quality we would expect an evening dress code e.g long trousers for men and no beach wear .
Relax We stayed at Villaggio il Girasole for two weeks at the middle of July .
The camping village is well-looked-after and provided with many comforts ( restourant , supermarket , bar , two swimming-pools , one for adults , and the other , smaller for the children ) .
It 's situated in the middle of the pinewold ( there are a lot of mosquitos so bring along some lotion against them ) , near the sea .
The sea is beautiful , the water is clean and trasparent .
The cottages are very comfortable , pretty and clean .
At restourant you can eat typical Tuscan food , very good ( pizza was special ) .
Kind and friendly employes at the reception , supermarket and bar .
The atmosphere is very good .
We are going to visit it again next year .
Review Koeln Dorint an der Messe We had an affordable upgrade to a maisonette .
Great choice .
Quiet , large , feeling of luxury .
Nice sauna area .
Staff at reception and breakfast was excellent± helpful , friendly and polite .
We will certainly come back next year when we have another event at Lanxess Arena Treated like Royalty !
The hotel was a little bit shabby on first appearances but the room was absolutely fine !
The beds were changed daily and the cleaners added little extras like positioning my son 's teddy in different ways and making animals of the towels .
Because there are so few English who stay here the staff are delighed to talk to you !
They made a point of giving us the best sun beds and towels etc and were telling the Russians there was no beer then bringing out special bottles for us !
The food was a disappointment , although there was plenty of variety .
It was all overcooked and luke warm !
Topaz Club- worth a visit I can recommend this hotel , romms are big and clean , friendly animation team , every evening show time so we werent bored , every night disco , food was really good and fresh and what was nice also-u can reserve a dinner in themed restaurant , i recommend especially italian Great holiday with an awesome animation team It 's a great holiday resort to go to I recommend it to anybody !
Gemma and Aimee in the animation team really took care of us whilst we were there and it was a really good help the rest of the animation team were also great : ) food was lovely could of had abit more variety on some days but was very nice food .
Nothing to complain about with the hotel or the room or pool etc was a lovely get away with some great people and some really friendly and helpful staff in the animation team .
The hotel staff were also great .
Beach & cricket We had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel .
We were with a small group who came to watch the Test Match in Colombo .
The drive to the ground was a lengthy 2 hours each morning as the roads are very gridlocked .
The Hotel and Staff were very welcoming .
The food was international hotel food , buffet style and was excellent .
I would recommend this for someone wanting a relaxing time .
Good location but some services can be better My room was very clean and the air condition worked well .
I had a double room for single occupation so enough area for one person at least .
At that novotel was not offering WIFI for free except in the lobby area so I had to go there for using the interenet which was evry slow in November 2011 .
That might have changed now .
I was very disapointed by the breakfast services as I asked for a double expresso instead of the normal filter coffe they wanted to charge me for that ... Go for Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof !
The Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof is a great place to stay in Frankfurt .
Location is absolutely top - going shopping or doing business .
The service is really top of the line , and rooms are renovated in a very classy , but modern style .
I would rank this one among the top five of visits - ever !
Poor with very bad acoustic We have passed 2 nights at the hotel and it 's main advantage is the very central location just near the Great Wheel and the bridge .
A táxi to Victoria station is about 12 pounds and it 's very close to Waterloo , 5 minutes walk to Big Bem .
The major dissapointment was the room itself , very VERY little , bathroom with poor amenities and worse of all : you could hear everything from the rooms around .
Literally it seemed as the neighbours were inside of our room .
I remeber we booked the hotel mainly because of it 's central location and the price , but definately would n't repeat my stay in there .
Nice hotel with good access to the city and Messe Dorint an der Messe is a fine hotel for businesstrips and a city break .
Within 7 minutes you are in the centre of Koln Altstadt .
Here you can have a good shoppingday or visit one or another museum and ofcourse the Dom .
Try the apfelstrudl at Cafe Reichards , Service is bad but stylish and clean property The staff in this hotel was really the major downside of my stay .
While the hotel is in great condition , the service ruined my experience .
Namely , requests were not handled or not handled in a timely manner .
For example , I ordered an iron to my room , but had to call twice and then go down to the reception to reconfirm my request .
The room cleaning then took the iron away without asking me ( I still needed it ) .
The safe in the hotel room and the air conditioning also broke down and I had to ask for someone to repair it .
However , the room and hotel is modern and attractive .
Topaz hotel for a wonderful holiday in Hurghada A confortable hotel , large rooms and excellent service .
Mr. Hussein , the hotelmanager want the guests to enjoy e wonderful holiday in the hotel.The staff is very friendly , they speak English and some of them speak Dutch as well .
The animation team makes you feel happy during your stay .
Ervery morning Aquagym !
We enjoyed te meals .
A wonderful hotel for a good price .
Tina Who needs a room ( junior suite ) this large The hotel looks , and is most likely , clean inside , which can not be said from the outside .
Probably as soon as you are not on the premises anymore , it is not that clean .
During my walk this morning ; from the hotel to the office ; I got out of the hotel and walked to the escalator which is there and it smelled terrible !
The hotel features free Wireless Internet which is also pretty fast , which allows you to work and surf without any problems .
Using Skype may cause connection problems .
There is a bar in the hotel as well as a restaurant , and also in the immediate surroundings there are places to stay , if you 'd like to .
An excellent place to stay with friendly hosts .
Alphons & amp ; Martha are excellent hosts , most accommodating & amp ; helpful finding our way and with use of their facilities over and above expectations , without being intrusive .
Breakfast was super .
This would be our first recommendation for a quiet stay close to the city !
Gerrit & amp ; Connie B.C .
Canada Nice hotel with good wellness facilities Very nice hotel with good wellness facilities .
the hotel is just a 15min walk from the city center .
Do n't want to walk ?
The tram stops just in front of the hotel .
If you come by car , there is a car-park underneath the hotel Cheap but that is it !
My girlfriend and I arrived early in the night after a long day of Paris .
As we were checking in we heard the uproar from the first floor and out came a half-naked woman standing while a man was running after her and yelled and screamed until other guests came out and stopped him .
Scary .
In addition , the room was in quite disgusting condition and the bathroom is like a toilet trailer that has been placed in the room .
We decided to make do with as little sleep as possible and ran as fast again .
But if you 're looking for a bed and nothing else , this is a possibility .
Check-in is at a machine which disclose your room card ( key ) and there is thus no reception ( at least not at night ) .
Business and shopping Very warm comfortable friendly hotel .
Near Milano Centrale train station with bus stop to all airports .
It takes 20 min .
to get to Corso Buenos Aires where you can find very nice shops .
At the hotel : rooms are not big , but nice and clean ( I was at this hotel several times and saw different rooms ) , clean comfortable bathrooms .
I prefer stay at this hotel , when they have free rooms .
Beautiful surroundings , nice beach , friendly staff Unfortunately , I do not so much speak English , to comment and to review the hotel without errors .
Overall , I liked the rest .
One note - I would like a more fun evening at the hotel.I would also like to in the rooms was free water You might be pleasantly surprised Our room was very clean as was the whole hotel .
Food was good always a very good choice in each restaurant .
There are 5 restaurants and they are all very good .
Food was always hot too .
Neither of us suffered with delly belly !
Staff were friendly and helpful .
The beach was always busy and had to get there early to get a sunbed .
.
I had massages in the health Club that is near the gym .
I would advise to have treatments at the hotel health Club as this is better and more professional .
We did a few diving trips and a trip to Mahmya Island .
Hotel Riverside The hotel was underconstruction therefore there were problems with the heating .
The breakfast and diner aerea was freezing !
No actions were taken to get us any warmer .
My old room was very old and I hope that the new rooms will be of this time Weihnacht markt weekend i was there wiht my wife and brother and his wife , we stay there for 1 night and it was great and nice good people in the hotel and very friendly and helpfull and the weihnacht markt was very nice like always ! ! !
very good hotel ! !
Good location on Nevskii Our room was on the second floor , with a view on Nevskii - view was great but noise a bit annoying .
On Nevskii , close to metro , so easy to reach by public transport .
The room was of decent size , but all in length , which is n't the most convenient .
In addition to the large and comfortable bed , furniture included a desk and 2 seats .
Bathroom was nice and well equipped ( including a rubber duck ! )
Front desk was n't the best , quite slow for passport registration and clerk insisted that we pay up for a better room .
In-room breakfast was tasty and quite large , awesome .
Great all inclusive trip !
My family went to Jamaica on a last minute trip .
The Grand Palladium Lady Hamilton Resort was recommended to us .
The resort is absolutely beautiful .
The food is great - especially Bubba 's Steakhouse ( ate there twice ) .
The service was excellent .
The pool bartenders were extremely pleasant and always attentive of our needs .
They knew what we wanted to drink as we approached the bar .
It was an excellent time had by all and I would highly recommend this resort to my family and friends .
Do n't go there , the only nice thing is the beach I would never ever come back to this hotel even if they paid me .
simply it 's not worth the money , let alone the 4 stars .
There are not enough seats for the guests in the restaurant , so for dinner you have to wait in a queue My best honeymoon This is a Seven star Hotel .
I would call it as Rixos Super Premium .
The suprise for honeymooners was very special to us .
All the entertainment a tourist would like to have from music , tournaments , swimming pools , beaches , video games , cinema etc .
are available .
Rooms are very clean .
Employees are very helpful and kind and do their best to keep customers comfortable , especially mr. Ihsan .
He was very nice .
The employees know most of world main languages English German Russian arabic etc .
the last thing that I would like to say is you can find all kinds of food from different regions of the world .
Many nice changes since my last stay It was my second Stay at this wonderful hotel and it was just great .
In the few months a lot has been completed and beautified .
The beautifully landscaped grounds , the new children 's playground , just about everything last year was not yet finished .
It has been created from a very pleasant grounds a wonderful facility .
What is also noticed very positive : There were not many Russians in this hotel .
During my time 60 % German , Dutch and Italians of the rest .
Unfortunately , I can only give the maximum number of 6 points , this hotel has earned it in some areas , but the score 8 ! ! ! ! !
Great hospitality We had an excellent vacation , nothing but credit .
The staff was really great and the service was superb .
A lot of food with good local products , a nice place to relax , a paradise .
We enjoyed the all-in as well and can be recommended .
Rent a car , cycling as well or to visit the mountain village of Agia marina.Chania and especially this hotel have stolen our hearts .
We are looking forward to hear Calimera everywhere again and to enjoy the really great hospitality of these people ... .. Egypts best hotel at Hurghada , Dana Beach !
Great and clean rooms , good food , nice staff so our conclusion about this hotel is that 's a super , fantastic place to go to and we would like to recomend and invite everybody to book their vacationPickalbatros Dana Beach .
I know we will go back that 's for sure !
Keep on going with te good work !
Absolutely wonderful The Sheraton Hotel Jumeriah is highly recommendable .
Everything was absolutely perfect .
The staff was absolutely wonderful , nothing was too much trouble for them .
They were helpful , and friendly .
I loved staying there , and have spoken very highly of this hotel to my friends and colleagues .
Should I return to Dubai again , I will certainly stay there again .
I have travelled a lot in my life , all around the world , staying at some of the world 's loveliest hotels , but never have I encountered a hotel with such staff , who go out of their way to make the guests enjoy their visit .
Steigenberger Airport Hotel Frankfurt The staff is very friendly , prompt and courteous .
Check-in/ Check-out was a piece of cake .
I got an upgrade to Executive suite at no cost .
Outbeaten cleanliness noticed from lobby to room .
I was impressed with the breakfast selection .
Horrible Hotel We took a room there because the Hotel du Palais which is situated next to Hotel Moderne did n't have any rooms for a further night in Marseille .
+ Next to the city center Port Vieuz - no elevator - The owners do n't speak any English - We paid with 100 € for the room ( 55€ ) The owners said they do n't have any change , and we will get it later , so we took back the 100€ and changed it at a coffeeshop .
- Did n't recieve a bill - Rooms very loud , old winows - Rooms dirty , Bugs running on th floor - Bath wasn ' clean when we recieved the room , empty shower bottle from guests before where in shower .
- Bad smell in room - Mould in the shower Good choise , tasteful meals and clean rooms Good and clean hotel .
The food was good and varieous .
There were 4 restaurants , so you can choose where to dine or lunch .
Rooms were very clean .
Beautifull gardens and swimmingpools !
Even 2 pools were heated .
Lagune with boat to the beach was nice .
Good location but expect better from this chain It 's in a pretty good location just a few steps from the strip , right behind Flamingo .
That was a huge plus for us as you can really easily walk all places of interest .
However the bathroom door were broken and they messed up our reservation ( not good after 11pm when we were already tired from a whole day spend in Vegas ) but compensated for that with a voucher to spend on food/shopping in the hotel .
No balcony , can not open windows .
Problems can happen at any place of course , so I 'd say you can stay there as the location is pretty good and maybe someone else 's experience will be better , but I 've stayed in better hotels of theirs .
Nice everything was quite good , had a great time !
very warm sea , nice beach , animation team was always trying to entertain people , the hotel itself is a real 4star hotel , the rooms are big , nice staff Only location I was there with my friends in a 4 days vacation .
We wanted a private room for us `` 8 persons '' .
The Pension offered this room which was big enough to fit us .
The location of the Pension is PERFECT.. BEST LOCATION EVER ... . but everything else is negative..
It is not clean , staff are not friendly at all , it is not safe ... .
I am not recommending it to anyone ...
The best hotel we know We have visit the Hotel two times and arrive next year again .
The most importen thing are that everyone who is working there , are the most good peopel we ever meet .
Everybody is doing ther job exelent .
The standard is in top , We love the cleanliness very good , every restaurant is in the top , clean and very good food .
Poor Service Poor Hotel This can not be a 4 stars hotel , bad facility and the service is a disaster .
An old country house locates in the middle of nowhere , facilities are old , heaters are not warm at night , doors can only be locked using keys , walls are not sound proof that allow u to hear everything , breakfast costs 30 euro per person : awful & amp ; with little choices .
The receptionists are rude and not even close to trying to help ... . After checkouts when i walk out of the hotel this morning , the blonde duty manager was literally putting her butt on the reception desk with one foot on the chair and talking bloody loud on her mobile ... . this can not be a 4-star hotel .
Stay was too short I stayed at the hotel for only 2 nights .
The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful .
Breakfast was perfect with a nice variety .
Hope to return to the area soon and will definently try and stay here again .
Good location , average quality The hotel is located next too the exhibition centre on the outskirts in Lyon so traveling to the city centre takes some time but the place is well served by public transport .
Actually the tram stop is just outside the hotel .
The quality of food in the hotel restaurant is excellent with a wide range of things for breakfasts .
I had some issues with the cleanliness of hotel in general , including the rather used rooms which start asking for renovation .
Idem the hotel pool and jacuzzi area .
It 's advantage is location on the hotel top floor so you can admire the view of Lyon though .
Overnight stay in Amsterdam Just what we were looking for .
The hotel had free parking and was near a subway station that brought you straight to the city center .
So no worries about were to park .
Clean and renewed room ( you could still smell the new in the hall ) .
Rimini contemporary chic Overall this is a very nice hotel for couples , families and likely even for singles , considering it 's proximity to the beach as well as Rimini 's main thoroughfare .
The staff is knowledgeable concerning special recommendations for restaurants and otherwise also very forthcoming .
The rooms with a small kitchen are highly recommended for those who want to save money and enjoy the delicacies that can be found at the weekly market in the old part of Rimini !
Such a lovely hotel , everything was excellent the hotel rooms were excellent and the bathrooms were large , very clean , the food had such a variety .
I am british and I went with my friends ( 4 ) and the ages ranged from 35 to 65 Melia Grand Hermitage is just awesome Fantastic hotel- everything done to make your holiday perfect .
We had a lovely stay there and be definitely back soon !
Would highly recommend it !
Food was delicious , as well..It is hard not to enjoy the great views down the beach from the exceptionally large private terrace assoiated with our suite .
Marriott standard but room was not clean enough Location - 2 blocks form the beach in the heart of Art Deco district .
Room size was good , but I had impression that it was not cleaned properly - perhaps because we asked and got early check in .
Bathroom was rather small , but washbasin was in the room , which I thought was a great idea .
In the room there was coffee machine .
I can not rate breakfast as we did not eat there , but there is little shop in the lobby where you can buy food all the time .
I loved rooftop swimming pool !
It was not big but view was nice + there were towels and relaxation area there .
Reception staff was very friendly .
Relax There is no much to say , it is my 7th year I am spending holidays in this hotel .
I have spent a beautiful time in other expensive hotels throughout Europe , but definitely I found it is not the number of stars which define feelings.I am enjoying in my way .
Sensational located superfriendly hotel Top of the Tops .
the staff was frienly and the rooms were new renovarted in a luxury modern style .
very clean and fine .
a lot of opportunitys possible and an ideal hotel for a buiseness stay or city trip Cozy French hotel near to Monmarte It was really cozy french style hotel because it was small but still quite nice if you do n't expect much of a hotel .
It really inspires to go out and spend more time at the city and Paris is worth to explore definitely .
Monmarte is really near ( about 1mile ) , so it great to walk around hotel and this part of the city is not so crowded , so location is excellent .
Metro , buses and train stations are near .
Staff is not the most positive persons in the world but still helpful and understanding if you need something .
For business trips as well as for short stays - great place to stay at .
Good budget option on strip , bit rundown .
I went with my father and we found a deal online that was too good to pass up .
I think the Luxor was a much better hotel 10 or 20 years ago , but it seems a bit run down now .
Still decent option though if you want to be on the strip for a good price .
Hotel Titanic Beach Spa & Aqua Park during my stay at titanic beach i found many different activities for my children and also for me and my husband .
the animation was amazing : ) w.g the welsh girl Stephanie was always around to speak to if we needed her .
the waiters in pirates ( 276 ) bar was funny and could speak good English .
the rooms were big and clean , the beach is well looked after but could do with less jelly fish Evan though they do n't sting , the pool is well looked after the food is ok we could eat but could be a little improved ... ... ... .. all in all we had a brilliant time and we are looking to come back next year : ) thank you every one for such a brilliant time : ) Old and very tired hotel There are two reasons to choose this hotel : relatively low price comparing to other centrally located hotels and location in walking distance from the main station .
This hotel is very old and needs renovation long ago .
Tiny dark rooms with very basic comfort , practically , only beds .
Cheap bed linen and grey towels .
Thick windows and bad heating system .
Poor breakfast .
Looks more like a hostel .
Very hard to get relaxed after long exploring of the city .
Dolphin Enjoyed this holiday so much we booked again for the following year and will be booking again for 2014 , as returning guests we were given lots of extras.the food was supburb and catered for all different cultures and tastes.we had a cottage which was on the beach front which was very comfortable clean and spacious.the room boys took care of our every need.we still keep in touchwith the bar staff through sms.every one greets you with a smile and makes you feel special weather in feb was 35/40 degrees so all inclusive beer was welcome.would reccomend this hotel very higly .
: ) Over-rated Managed to get an executive room for 400 euros for 3 nights inclusive breakfast Executive room is just standard size room , but better looking and incl .
small fridge Beds are not up to par .
Rooms are noisy , e.g .
when somebody is taking a shower , u will hear the plumbing cooling off for the next hour.. a loud ticking noise .
Very akward Breakfast very mediocre , bread too hard , scrambled eggs with melk .
Really gross Staff does not talk English very well .
All in all , I would not go there again This hotel is very sneaky and thus experienced in making money .
Genuine country and people No words for this country and its people .
If you really want a break from your current lifestyle , it 's a genuine and peaceful destination .
At the hotel , staff members were always smiling and helpful .
Excecutive chef and his team excellent ; great food .
Our vacation was made by the executive chef and his team very friendly cooks and helpful always ready to go beyond expectation , the wait staff in the restaurant can learn a lot from the cooks , Fantastic food all over the hotel in the main restaurant and in the bistro , the executive chef was always there to answer your queries the sous chef was always checking the food to be hot and fresh , the restaurant managers were dull so was the staff , The food and beverage manager never had a smile on his face neither greeted the guests ( poor performance ) .we will visit the hotel again just because of the great food and the smiling cooks behind the pasta lines .
Its a good Hotel with nice rooms .
We hade a bigger room with a place to relax and sit down .
We really liked that .
Service was good and friendly , the room was cleaned every day !
The only thing we could eat at the hotel was breakfast , which in my opinion was a little bit expensive .
Good all rounder really nice hotel , well laid out all rooms over look the pool .
rooms are nice and large have tea coffee making facilties , mini fridge .
loads of sunbeds not sure if it would be the same during school holidays .
beach is clean they come round collecting plastic drink cups and empty water bottles.went to all four restaurants Asian being how favourite.used the spa which was excellent had the best back massage ever.staff so kind and friendly .
you do get some aircraft noise with being so close to airport but not a big problem .
choice of drinks are limited but you always find something to drink lovely cocktails .
our ages 22 to 50 please go you will like it .
Unforgettable I was there a week , view of our room was beautiful but our mini bar was empty just some cokes and juice and there was not an ash tray in our room.staff was so helpful but some of them was not kind , food was good but dishes and knifes , forks especially glasses were not clean and were too dirty.entertainment programme was good , specially live show but most of music was turkish not international although most of the guest was from another countries .
We reserved ultra all but drink was not variuos and If we wanted different drink we had to pay for it .
Samira , Iran Great holiday in Dana Beach Resort it was my the best holiday.really everybody there are friendly and animation club was great I thing that you can find there everything from fun to have a rest .
I was only in castelo restaurat but there you can find all kind of food .
super holiday Good value for money !
Had a short city break with my wife .
5 minute walk from Gran Via , got off the Madrid city tour bus , went into the hotel , in 15 minutes we were back on tour .
Straight forward and friendly reception personnel , kindly helped us to order a table for Flamenco , with good recommendations to go about town .
Loads of shopping opportunities and brilliant food near by , and mostly all of the sight seeng is within the walking distance .
Room was good , enough space for two , good bedding and towels , comfy bed , air con , good shower , and it was surprisingly quite at night .
A very nice holiday with small faults My wife and I were in these 2 weeks very well emotionally .
The hotel we very nice , not too big nor too small .
Some would have to change it , especially the rude staff that we noticed .
Otherwise , they are all trying very , very , very friendly .
The atmosphere is right , it 's very cozy .
Perhaps one should choose the audience something more international , mainly because there are very many Russians .
We come back in any case !
Typical French hotel - small , grubby but charming Hotel Massena is perfectly located near Opera in Paris .
It is a small hotel which one can easily oversee with all the shops around .
The street was very alive even in the evening hours .
However , the windows held almost all noise away which made it easy to sleep in the hotel .
In the morning the hotel provided a good breakfast with fresh juices and typical croissants .
The room was small but provided everything one needs but also nothing extra .
The halls are fancy with darker walls .
Probably , price is OK because it is Paris .
For other destinations , I would think money for value was a little low .
Not one of the best choices on the strip This was one of the first few mega resorts on the strip in the 90 's , but now it is really starting to show its age .
The rates are rock low so you pay for what you get for .
I stayed here as an invited guest and would probably not stay here if I had to pay .
Not coming back Advantages of this hostal - it is cheap and located in the center .
So there are many caffees , restaurants and shops nearby .
We were having breakfast in one of the caffees beside hostal and already on the second day we were welcomed like good friends .
Disadvantages - size and condition of the room .
My room was very small , I would even call it claustrophobic .
It was shaped like letter L in one part there was bed , old tv in other part wash basin , shower , toilet and window without the view .
I consider myself an average size person , but still I had to squeeze in order to fit between the shower and wall to get to the toilet .
There was soap provided .
There is lift in the building .
Excellent vacationd & honeymoon IT was the best vacation I 've ever had ... . Everything was great , the kindness of the staff , the food was delicious ... .. smiling faces all around you ... ..Ihad the most wonderfull time there , having fun all the time ... . : ) Сlaiming to be luxury I enjoyed my 3-night stay in the hotel , the room was very clean , well equipped but too huge for me ( I do n't think that many people need 50 sq.m hotel room ) .
Generally the hotel is not cozy , looks like a huge palace not very well utilized .
Although view of the mountains from my balcony was very nice .
I liked the spacious pool area , sauna and hamam .
It happened that I was the only one visitor each time I came .
Free wifi was of a decent speed .
Location is little far from city center .
Overall impression : claiming to be a luxury , but the service does not yet match .
Just average OK , so it 's an airport hotel , just functional etc .
We got bumped to a next-day flight ( no frustration , though , so should n't affect my hotel assessment ) , stayed here , but the room was rather underwhelming .
One bed with twin mattresses , nothing modern in the room , just everything very average .
Restaurant downstairs was quite nice , though .
Mamlouk was great !
Mamlouk resort was great .
Especially Ahmed F. who worked in the Sultana Café .
He was really kind and service minded .
Sultana Café is really worth a visit .
Also the perfume store in the hotel .
Amir there is cool and nice and the perfumes is really worth it .
The bad things though were that the shopping center in the hotel were really bad .
The salesmen could take a no and they were kinda rude .
And then there were the salesmen who walked the poolarea .
They ignored the red flag that means `` no salestalk '' and were kinda rude .
But the whole experience was nice and worth it .
Beautiful honeymoon The hotel is easily one of the classiest establishments I have ever had the honor of staying at .
The staff was extremely friendly , the layout was superb , the architecture was elegant , and the sea was literally a few steps from our hotel room .
Beautiful views were only made more beautiful by this hotel 's landscape , architecture , and friendly staff .
Robbed in elevator of hotel !
Very dangerous area .
Stay in combination with a 5-day bus trip organized by Peter Langhout Travel ( Holland ) My wife and son of four years , were attacked by three men of foreign origin on the 4th day of their stay in the morning , with a knife and robbed of bag and money in the elevator of the hotel !
Hotel and Dutch embassy and police have given little or no help or attention .
My wife had to borrow money from others to travel to the police by taxi .
Busdriver Peter Langhout was fortunately understanding and helpful .
Hotel itself was reasonable in terms of a place to sleep , but we never come back here because it 's not safe here !
Very good hotel hello .
I have to say that in my 8 days that I 've been .
really good but could have had ot otherwise ok with 40 degrees and a nice breeze , we could well account for the pool .
The rooms looked very good every day , your room completely done .
and then there 's the animation is very well organized for kids and for older people 's show every night .
and this girl elina I must thank you for this nice holiday In this great hotel marvin from holland Very recommendable B & B with extremely kind staff It is part of an old palazzo , recently renovated and adjusted to modern standards ( including free wifi ) .
It has 6 large rooms on the first floor , each with a different name of a flower .
Although the entrance of the building is in front of the Via di Pantaneto , a road with less traffic , nearly all rooms are at the rear with a splendid view at Siena 's countryside .
To enter the B & B you have to climb 20 steps to reach the first floor , so the B & B is less accustomed to handicapped people .
There is no elevator , but the owners ( a young couple ) are very willing to help you with your luggage .
Great place for business and pleasure !
It was my first visit at the hotel and I have to say that I am very pleased with my experience .
The service was excellent from the very beginning and the organization of the conference I attended was outstanding.The conference room was spacious and bright , timing was perfect , all the staff knowledgeable and professional !
Being located on the beach and the comfort of the room made my stay that much more enjoyable and the transition from business to pleasure very easy .
After hours of meetings being able to escape into the beauty of Golden Sands in a matter of minutes was something I really appreciated .
I would highly recommend the hotel to all my friends and colleagues visiting the area .
Overall it was a great experience , one I would gladly repeat .
Wishing you a very prosperous New Year .
Not for me .
This hotel does not deserve 4* in my opinion , although in general most of the staff were very pleasant , the upper management were like british politicians , when you complained they did not give you an answer but changed the subject .
We tried NOT to eat in the buffet restaurant as the quality and choice of food was very limited , The reception area was clean and the lobby staff were very helpful , The house-keeping was basic but not impressive , The pool , bar & beach areas were kept tidy and the outdoor staff were pleasant .
there were quite a lot of Russian guests there ( approx 85 % ) with a minority of British , French , swedish , German , Norwiegen & Egyptian .
Average 1 the room was not clean .
During our sray the cleaning was verry bad .
Bathroom and sleeping floor not cleaned at all .
Upon our complaint the reaction was : We only clean when very dirty !
2 Practically no storage space which is not very convenient .
Second time in this hotel The rooms were clean and big enough , with balcony , close to the swiming pool , but when you close the door to balcony you diidn t hear the noise from outside .
In two week we change rooms because in first week we were in 5 and in second only 4 .
Only in second room , Nr 475 one bed was in bed conditions , we puted blanked under the sheet .
We have two teenagers , who were satisfied again in this hotel Ansd in the first week was olso my mum with us , sastisfied with food , cleaness , kindness of staff ( she doesen t speak foreign languages .
All was good and i would come again to visit everything was alright , by the way , i would come again , if i travel to egypt .
the hotel manager is very friendly and helpfull .
also the service of the staff , good work friendly greetz Nice hotel in a very good location We have stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend during our trip to Bilbao .
The room was quite tiny and with only one window going into the yard , so not much light during the daytime .
But very silent at night .
The bed was big and really comfortable and the whole room had everything essential - minibar , TV and a huge bathroom with a bathtube .
The rooms were very clean and the staff really friendly .
One should of course mention the location -it is Top !
Close to all the interesting points in Bilbao and still a little bit off the loud tourist track .
Nice Affordable Hotel Great Price for Weekday stay .
Weekends are little costlier .
But on average , it is great .
Pools are awesome .
Nice dining options in the Hotel .
Some construction was going on when we were there , little annoying but Ok .
Overpriced for the service .
If you are traveling alone , for business purpose , the hotel is convenient because it is next to the convention center and next to a subway station .
Otherwise , I would stay somewhere else .
It is a very simple hotel , the room is very small and there is only a little table that you can also use as a desk .
The area is residential , so not many shopping or dining options around .
There are little restaurants in the area but they are extremely overpriced .
No refrigerator in the room and no food at the bar .
So I recommend that you go back to the hotel after a day of work , ready to sleep .
All comfort Resort A very nice Resort with 100 % comfort .
Clean , nice friendly polite people .
All the services were great .
After a long day trip to Luxor we still could have a dinner because it 's possible until 24.00 .
The next day we used the late-breakfast .
Superb .
Big variety of nationality and age .
Nothing Grand , except the name of the hotel beautiful foyer , staff were helpful .
Room was booked using Easytobook.com .
We booked a standard organiser room .
It was bland , dark and a little shabby .
2nd floor , backing on to a delivery alley and bar .
Noisy in the extreme .
( we had earplugs and used them ! )
Housekeeping was frequent .
Clean enough , plenty of hot water .
Though the toilet smelt strongly of urine .
A large hotel with mostly business folk coming and going .
We can not speak for the other rooms available , but to give ours a 5 star tag was ridiculous .
Awesome resort and vacation Loved this holiday .
Wonderful people and wonderful place .
Could n't ask for a better resort - the people are just amazing .
So wonderful to see people go to work smiling and leave work still smiling and happy .
They were there just to keep us happy .
A wonderful place to go and we are planning to return as soon as we can .
Thank you for such a wonderful experience .
It can be a nice place It 's not negative review .
I was there during some refurbishment works so it was not the best moment to be there .
Plus : really fresh orange juice at breakfast ( squeezed on demand ) Location : just crossing the roads there are plenty of very good restaurants at affordable prices .
You just cross the boulevar du Periferique and you are in zone 1 or public transportation .
30 min of underground and you are at Saint Michael .
As Ibis `` Style '' you get Accor points even during workdays Minus size of the room , really small small , no place to hang something more than two shirts .
Impossible to hang trousers .
Acceptable for a short business trip Pretty basic hotel .
Okay for a business trip .
Located not in the very center but not in the very outskirts , generally well connected to public transportation .
Not really a touristy area , rather business and residential .
Breakfast was standard -- more or less the same you can find in any business hotel .
Personnel is friendly .
Wi-fi is in place but quite slow .
Room is generally fine but some refurbishment would be good .
Probably the biggest complaint -- no view from the window at all , only inner yard .
The room is pretty dark because of that .
But this is not a big issue if you are on a business trip .
For a family stay , I would have chosen something different .
Value for money Food was excellent , I only missed good coffee ..I enjoyed especially home made pastry and cakes .
Also `` fitness `` choice of food every evening was very good .
The swimming pool for families with children and another one for a relax .
The bikes which we could take for a short trip were in very bad conditions .
I can recommend this hotel .
City break in Las Vegas We stayed at the hotel just for one night during our sightseeing trip to USA .
We were very satisfied with the hotel .
The price was amazing , the service perfect .
The hotel provides free shuttle taxi to different places on the Strip , rooms are quite spacious and modern .
Complimentary breakfast served in the lobby was good .
Absolutely amazing for the price we paid !
We were treated like royalty Very clean and tidy we went all inclusive all the guests were Russian apart from me been English and my partner Polish that was the 1st week and then a few German 's arrived quite a few ignorant guests but most ok Excellent location , everthing at walking distance Excellent location for this stylish hotel .
Deira City Center shoping mall is across the street and a metro station is just outside the entrance of hotel .
Everything you need is there at walking distance .
Very good kitchen and nice pub .
The swimming pool is quite small , so do n't look forward a resort-type structure .
It is more a city hotel with all the comforts .
Very attentive and courtesious staff , but I would suggest the management a more careful selection of suppliers of desert trips .
I have done dozens of those , always very fulllfilling , but this one was a bad experience .
Not at Meridien 's level .
Save that , I definitely recommend the hotel .
Steigenberger Airport Hotel Staying here about 2-3 times a year , mostly business .
This time stay was private , with entire family , incl child and Infant ( 3 rooms ) .
All our requests were perfectly handled by saff .
Staff is very capable ; beds are super comfortable ; breakfast buffett is awesome ; airport shuttle service the moct convenient I have ever had .
Economically priced hotel This is just a hostel if you want to save money for your stay .
I enjoyed the central location ; it was very near to the Barcelona 's main touristic street - La Rambla .
There is no lift & it 's very difficult to climb upper floors with your luggage through the narrow stares .
Hardly I 'll stay in this hotel again but In general I liked it !
Super hotel , perfect service , poor beach Everything perfect but the beach : too steep and dangerous waves ( red flag ) , had to walk outside the hotel to have access .
But we layed on the stretchers on the lawn with super service , so it was not so bad Noisy , very poor room insulation This is my personal experience - having spent some days here but have n't got much sleep because of the noise .
There is no carpet in the hotel , instead , there is wooden floor which spreads and maximizes the noise from the corridor and other rooms .
Usually , you hear the noise even until 3am or 4 am ... . For me , this experience is worse than any hostel before .
Nice hotel for short stay - close to downtown Nice Hotel with decent size of rooms .
Small bathroom .
Good service and friendly staff .
Fitness room lacks equipment for basic weight training but offers state of the art cardio equipment .
Overall the hotel can be recomended .
Perfect hotel every thing in the hotel was perfect , the location near the river breakfast is wonderfull close to shopping , to the restaurant and transfer .
the stuff very helpfull the room very clean and room service are immidiately come Nice hotel with a wonderful park Next time we 'll book a room on the parkside .
Streetside is rather noisy in the morning .
Wellness offer and quality are very good .
Diner was excellent and the choice at breakfast was good too .
Very friendly staff !
Central location , very professional This is a great hotel for location , very close to the main railway station and walking distance to the centre of town .
The actual neighbourhood is not great however , mostly betting shops and convenience stores .
The hotel is very secure however , with swipe card access to each floor .
The staff are profession if by the book .
As a gold member I enjoyed an upgrade to a very large room with lots of floor space .
The bathroom was well fitted but could have been bigger given the size of the room .
Also had one of those combined shampoo showergel wall units which is displeasing .
Breakfast was substantial and included .
Excellent Hotel .
Good situation .
Friendly staff .
Excellent hotel .
Friendly staff .
Well located for access to town .
Quiet location .
Were given a free room upgrade which made it even better !
Would stay again if revisiting the town .
No problems whatsoever .
Sun & relax for families what made the difference for us was the miniclub , the two girls Tanja and Emmy are really good , we were with our daughter , not yet 4 , but she was always looking forward to hear the girl calling `` miiiini cluuub '' .
she had fun and we had our deserved rest the girls organized even our daughter birthday party , very nice .
all the evenings after dinner mini mini minidisco ya ya ho ... .half an hour of crazy dancing and the kids were ready to sleep ... the food is really good and available all day long ( I 'm a picky italian ) , as well as the drinks , there is a good espresso at the columbus bar .
Paradise on earth We felt us on our holiday like in paradise .
The friendly welcome in the hotel , the generous size of the room , the cleanliness overal , the big size of the room and the bathroom was very great .
The location and surrounding is very lovely arranged .
We were very suprised over the staffs knowledge of foreign languages .
The weather was every day fine , the beach was great .
We liked the generous variety of food at the different restaurants .
We would like to visit the Dana Beach Resort again .
A great thank to the whole staff of Dana Beach .
It was a great pleasure to be with you .
Great hotel , although not in the center The Eurostars Madrid Tower is a very modern hotel with tasteful decoration .
The room was big and luxurious as expected .
I 'd recommend you try to get one on the top floors .
Also a word to the restaurant `` Volvereta '' on the 30th floor : great good and amazing views .
Hotel Golden 5 City Topaz Club I was there with a college 15 days ad Iwe like Topaz Club much more than Golden Five .
The double rooms are perfect and very clean .
The personal in the whole hotel let you feel that you are welcome en they treat you with care .
The boys in the lobby bar ( f.i .
Mo ) but also all the others were very friendly .
My personel favourite is Gaber in the main restaurant as well as in the Italian rest .
But as I said all the personal was very okay .
One of the staff members speaks very good Dutch en Hussein M. the duty manager gave us a warm welcome and a very pleasant stay .
Thank you all for that .
The only thing we missed was snorkeling and a reef and a dutch channel on television .
Miss you all They steal your stuff In 2011 I stayed there with my Fam .
I bought a pair of Converse sneakers .
I thought it would be safe to keep them in my room .
The next day I found out that my new Converse were stolen .
The manager of the hotel did n't do anything .
He promised me he would contact me , but he NEVER did .
I will NOT recommend this hotel to anyone .
And they will never have me as a guest again .
Best hotel I 've been back to this hotel three times now as my experience each time was amazing , the rooms are clean and comfortable and the hotel considering its 20 years old is in amazing condition .
It 's located on the end of the strip but do not let that put you off !
This hotel is awesome !
And the pool has no shadows on it at all .
Various quality over time : up 's and down 's This is the third time this year that I spend a few days at the Hilton for business reason .
This is the second time I have something not working in my room ( this time the minibar which was not cooling ) and even though reception was informed , nothing was done .
I had the same behaviour during my first stay with a shaver plug not working in the bathroom .
Again , nothing had been done to correct the problem .
No paper/pencil in room this time ; No hotel directory neither .
Nevertheless , because of its good location aside the liverpool One Shopping centre , with a lot of bars and restaurant , I continue going there when travelling to Liverpool .
Dana Beach Resort Second time staying at Dana Beach Resort , there same time last year .
Resort / rooms clean and tidy .
Excellent selection of food , choice of restaurants and bars .
Staff can not do enough for you .
5 stars Great design hotel , where every detail is looked after .
The villa was very spacious , with living room with private terrace , fantastic bathroom and a really nice bed .
Staff was always happy to comply with our wishes .
Absolutely unique pools .
Excellent restaurants offering a wide range .
Very clean and fresh room !
This B & amp ; B was very clean and fresh .
The owners maintained the place very well .
Beddings were warm and comfortable .
Room was equipped with TV , radio , Kettle , Coffee maker , dvd player and a tv with so many channels .
Ample towels and toiletries were provided which many other B & amp ; B do n't usually provide enough .
Owners were very generous with the breakfast servings .
Alphons was very helpful in helping us with directions in the area as well as places to visit .
The only little problem was to us since we do n't travel light and the room is 2 floors up ... Good quality for price The hotel has a good position close to the city center and the train station .
Quite some restaurants are in the surrondings , with a good choice of food .
The hotel does n't have an internal restaurant , however there are two options : a small restaurant just next to it , or the Hallmark hotel restaurant , just across the street ( discount applied to customers of the Hallmark Inn ) .
Noticeable the free parking for all hotel and inn customers .
Quality of the hotel inside is good , rooms are simple but clean and furnished decently well .
Being a budget hotel , the ration between costs and quality is fairly good and there 's also free internet connection ( WiFi only ) .
Always a nice stay I think it is important to say that I returned to this location for at least 12 times .
And I already booked my next stay for the end of this month ( July 2011 ) .
The hotel is great .
Although it has more than 700 rooms , you can feel the good management watching the co-ordination between the working personnel in fulfilling the needs of the guests .
The cleanliness is very good , breakfast is great and abundant , staff is helpful and trying to do things as fast as possible .
The hotel has an underground garage very well secured .
Hotel never worth five stars !
If you book a five star resort you at least expect a quite and clean room !
This is not what is delivered at the Encore Hotel at Wynn Las Vegas ! !
The room we got was covered with dust and a few electrical items like lights and the scale in the bathroom where not working .
During the night , you should not expect to be able to sleep , because in the room you will hear the bass and music from the nightclubs the whole night .
Never worth the money we had to pay for the room and the stay ! ! !
Really nice hotel , quiet and confortable Hotel not too far from center ( 25 minutes walk from main station , but tram station just in front of the hotel ) , room really quite , beds really confortable .
Great size room , incredible pool .
Breakfast varied and excellent .
Cheap and noisy hotel with good location The hotel is located near Place de Opera , in a side street .
The location is probably the only good thing about this hotel .
It is noisy ( thin walls , doors - I woke up several times because I thought someone was entering my rooms ) , smelly , very small and dirty .
I was glad that I did n't have to take a shower in there ( the bath tub was dirty and used ) .
Even though the price is decent for Paris , I would not recommend this hotel .
Wonderful Hotel , Clean Friendly very spacious We Stayed at the Grand Hermitage for a week at the end of July start of August .
The rooms are huge .
Its extremely clean , the staff are friendly .
We went all inclusive and there is a good selection for the buffet .
we got engaged while we there and the hotel talk care of everything , Flowers Champagne , they even set up a special room for us .
That evening we went for a meal at the al a carte restaurant .
The food there was incredible .
We had two course and a bottle of champagne and it cost us £31 WOW .
Great hotel and I would recommend it to anyone .
Perfect holiday The hotel was exceptionally clean and you are spoilt for choice with regard to food ; there was an italian , oriental , mexican and asian restaurant as well as the two main buffet restaurants across both hotels .
The hotel boasts outstanding architecture and stands true to it 's name - a palace .
We started each day with a buffet breakfast , relaxed at the huge pools or beautiful beach and finished the evening with cocktails accompanied by a live singer .
There was also the amphitheatre next door with a variety of shows and entertainment each night .
I would also highly recommend United Brothers Photography who work at the hotel ; Valentino provided us with outstanding professional photographs at a bargain price .
An excellent place to stay with friendly hosts .
Alphons & amp ; Martha are excellent hosts , most accommodating & amp ; helpful finding our way and with use of their facilities over and above expectations , without being intrusive .
Breakfast was super .
This would be our first recommendation for a quiet stay close to the city !
Gerrit & amp ; Connie B.C .
Canada Wakacje i spent there the best holiday in my life .
i hope that i 'll come back there .
i met very nice people .
there was very friendly animator- Ala Nani .
He was soo handsome , nice and funny .
i really want next holidays becouse i want to come back to hurghada to this hotel and meet Ala and others animators again .
8th stay Big hotel area for nearby 300 guests .
Cleanless is very good in all the zones All Iclusive serice European people mostly english and german speaking , only few Russian and Polish , middle age .
Two stays stayed at the itc twice once in a single room during the celebrations for queens dayfor five nights and was very dissapointed with the singke room .
was assured that the double room was better so myself and my partner stayed for five nights later in the same month and found the room to be clean comfortable and adequate for what we wanted we did not have the breakfast at the hotel and found this to be the right choice due to the availability of better food locally A basic experience I arrived late at night .
The receptionist was friendly and took all the trouble to help me .
I did n't go to the bar , but went directly to my bed and slept till 7.30 AM next morning .
hte bathing facilities were good .
My breakfast was more than sufficient .
I checked out .
Again an very vriendly receptionist .
Thers is nothing more I can tell you .
I did n't see much of the hotel or the facilities .
I only went to bede there Nice hotel , unpleasant stay .
The hotel is close to everything Frankfurt has to offer .
Unfortunately the staff is unable to cope with the standard of a five star hotel : my bill was full of errors and I had to discuss about it .
There is no garage .
Excellent beach resort Very large resort hotel but we were upgraded to suites on arrival , however these were an extremely long walk from the restaurant/reception approx 500 metres .
When walking problem were presented to the General Manager Mr Y .
A. we were moved to two adjacent family rooms closer to these facilities and also given the blue bands allocated to repeat visitors , he could not have been more helpful .
It is a shame that given such ehormous pool area there is more unheated than heated and that would be my only complaint about the actual hotel facilities .
I would highly recommend this resort especially compared with ones in Sharm .
Nice hotel in the centre of Nes .
Nice accomodation with a really great breakfast .
It is really close to the centre of Nes and you are within minutes at the beach with the bike .
The rooms were a lot smaller than expected and the bathroom had mold between some tiles , so that 's why we rated that part lower .
Holidays at the Titanic Beach hotel May 2013 We stayed at Titanic beach for one week on May 2013 .
Overall impression of the hotel is excellent , very nice suroundings , great distance to the sea , friendly staff .
One thing that could have been better is the food - could be more of variety or a choice of local foods .
The service that needs quite a big improvement is the Gold 's Spa .
The massage itself was good , but other `` ingredients '' of a spa treatment was not impressive , the staff talking to each other all the time in their language during all the treatment and that does n't help to relax .
But despite that we would definately recommend this hotel for holidays and we had a very good time there .
Level Club at Melia It 's Michel and Pamela We took the package of the honeymooners , and we spent one of the best holidays ever !
Having the Level Member offer , we had several VIP services ( free mini bar refilled , bottle of wine as a welcoming reception , VIP restaurant for breakfast , free lounge bar access ( alcohol + sweets + tea/coffee/ ... ) , discount on several things ( restaurant , laundry , shopping areas , clubs ... ) VIP area at the pool and in the garden , special SPA treatment and many other special services ...
The service at the LEVEL lounge bar was amazing , there was a hostess named Anna , she was so friendly , smart , very elegant and treated us as VIPs .
She deserves an excellent rating too..
Overall , all the stay was WOW , as we have amazing 8 days at a luxurious hotel .
We will surely visit it again next summer !
To expensive , bad quality Location is fine but service is not good .
Took me hours to check in , although I had a reservation and also paid in advance .
Service desk is bad .
Tele and air condition out of order .
No fridge in 1 of the rooms .
Noise during the night from the elevator .
Breakfast was a disaster , uncomfortable chairs/ tables , bad quality food , no diversity , cold tea/coffee .
Surprise - great food , room and service For Amsterdam , this Hotel is good value .
We were surprised by the excellent cuisine in the hotel .
Front desk is extremely well trained and very positive .
Its also surprisingly close to the train ( Amsterdam Amstel station ) and trams .
We are glad we chose the Casa 400. and its quiet too !
Really poor food at this hotel for Brits !
Hi , Just got back from the Mamlouk Palace ...
The hotel looks every bit of a five star hotel however , on close inspection its more like an average 2-3 star .
The Egyptian People are so friendly and happy to talk to you , there 's a really nice atmosphere in the hotel itself , ( even though the other guests can be so rude mainly Russians ) its lovely and clean , but the food is very very poor , breakfast was cold most days , and if honest they really do n't cater for Brits ! ! !
Although I would n't say this was a cheap holiday , it did n't break the bank either , so if you want a guaranteed tan go to Egypt , if not and its your main summer/ yearly holiday , I would n't recommended it ... I , d go somewhere else to avoid disappointment .
A huge disappointment This hotel is not worth 3 stars at all .
The rooms are tiny , the furniture , carpets and walls need an urgent refurbishment , and some cleaning would be nice .
There was a strange smell in all of our three rooms .
One TV did n't function several times .
There were nousy works going on , starting at 9 a. m. - good morning Paris !
The good sides are limited to two : The location is excellent , and the breakfast was OK. 18th century luxury with modern comfort !
The old villa was recently restored and it was great to have all modern comforts in the luxury of an 18th Century palace .
The room was ideal for a romantic stay : large comfortable bed , separate furnished dressing-room and well-equipped bathroom .
Although we did not have dinner in the very elegant restaurant , we had a great breakfast with a lot of choice and a view on the splendid surrounding gardens .
Would recommend having a car to visit the surroundings as the village where the hotel is located is rather small and uninteresting , which makes you want to spend even more time in this beautiful hotel !
Excellent hotel & service .
Very happy with food Ignore the complainers !
( If you are one - Dont expect Macdonalds or fish & chips if you go to a foreign country ! )
The five free restaurants gave an excellent choice of food although beach bar was just chips , burgers , hotdogs ( occasional BBQ fish ) and salad .
All staff very friendly and service was excellent .
( These were the typical views of the vast majority of British people we spoke to at the location too . )
Booked through Flights and Packages who were excellent .
A design hotel in an edgy area of Paris This was one of the most interesting hotels I 've stayed ever , in a district of Paris not commonly on the tourist map , but still just a short walk away from Montmartre and Gare du Nord for Eurostar and other high-speed rail connections and airport RER line B , this hotel was a great discovery for us .
The rooms are fabulous , with simplistic design , and there are no keys , rather fingerprints let you through to you room .
The bar is great , food is brilliant , and there is a small gym in the basement for a morning work out .
Breakfast is highly recommended also , as are drinks in the ( rather pricy ) bar .
Hip elegance in Louise area of Brussels The Hotel is clean , modern and hip .
Dark , loungy feel in the lobby , hushed and modern in the halls and rooms .
Appears that the hotel was recently renovated and done so with style and attention to detail .
My basic room had robe and slippers , Nespresso machine and free minibar drinks .
Staff were friendly .
Free gym was ample and spa available though I did n't use it .
The location is excellent situated at the end of Avenue Louise with lots of fancy shops and restaurants are close by .
Also not far from the Sablon and downtown , so overall very well located .
I would certainly stay here again .
Great place , friendly and efficient staff stayed for a weekend , good location between village and beach , accepts dogs - a must for us , great staff , very helpful the car park gets a little busy when there is a function on , but all worked out with a bit of cooperation ; the breakfast times are fine during the week but I would have preferred a little later cut off on Sunday - again the staff sorted it to everýone 's satisfaction .
We had a groundfloor room so access for my scootmobile was no problem and parking of the scootmobile was also sorted without any fuss - a great team , staff and management .
Hotel in Siena close to railway station the hotel is very close to raliway station ( 300 m ) so it was easy to reach , friendly staff and the breakfast was ok , room is clean and comfortable , not very moder but it is ok for 3 star hotel , I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and I recommend it for couples who intend to isit Siena as it is also close to the city center Mostly favorable The room was clean with minimal interior .
TV was not working and no phone in the room .
Bathroom was clean , however gets flooded when showering , with more people in one room very wet !
Staff friendly , helpful and professional .
Hotel provided breakfast for free due to TV not working , and no telephone in the room .
Unlike the ad on booking.com , breakfast is not free , it 's €7/person .
Somewhat confusing and unclear .
Transport to the airport too expensive .
Location excellent , no elevator and narrow stairs .
Safety with card system and front desk attendance throughout the night excellent .
In a few yrs maybe fab location and great views , management could be better some parts of the hotel were dirty whole public areas needs refurb bit tired .
restaurant was good as long as feyyoz was our server he was very attentive and made us laugh alwys got us drinks when we sat down and always made us welcome .
ala carte italian was awful so we didnt try the others but heard the fish one was good .
service at the bar was very slow they were more interested in washing up !
we had great time and would go back in a few years when it has been refurbed and better management .
Where did personal service go ?
Rooms are super small , especially the bathroom..
Always ask for a high floor where it is more quite and the view is better.. Food choice is very limited and not well selected..
Personal service very deteriorating , especially concierge services and failure to recognize repeated request for French newspaper instead of English.. Beware of a small step before the elevators coming from the restaurant as a fall would be fatal I suppose..
The only efficient staff I found during my stay were the bellmen never failing to salute any in/out guest with a smile .
New bed linen has an uncomfortable smell .
Not worth going to !
One of the worst hotels I 've ever seen .
Lobby was full of flies ( dead and alive ) , it was hot , humid and smelly .
Elevator is so small that two average persons and one suit case are having troubles to fit .
Rooms are small , smelly and very outdated .
Bath shower did n't work , and the fridge was broken .
Most likely , I wo n't return to this place .
Our best holiday stay ever , so far We have just arrived from this marvelous place .
We had experienced our best holiday stay ever , so far .
We have been very plaesantly surprised , we liked the overall location and the hotel itself even more we had expected to do so based on the reviews and photos available online .
We would like to stress the preciseness and quality of tha staff 's services , especially in the restaurant .
Special thanks to the `` animators '' ( Oscar , Mehmet , Dasha , Katya , Anna , Maryem and Sabri ) that made a great effort to keep us entertained all days and nights long .
Thank you guys , it was great fun ! ! !
Hope to see you and this great place again !
Spoiled the impression of the trip Terrible hotel !
Тhis is not a four star hotel .
Rooms do not correspond to the pictures , very old furniture , faded linens , creaky bed , a disgusting smell in the room , even though we asked for when booking a non smoking room .
After the check-out , we left our bag in the luggage at the front desk .
After we returned the desk clerk said that they gave our luggage to others .
We had to go to the police and to write a statement .
In the end we went home without our things .
After 33 days ! !
our departure , the hotel sent us our bag , but there 's no a few personal belongings worth about 200 euros !
Best hotel Rooms is good but the restaurants specially the main restaurant the menus ls everytime same , child pool is to cold , a la carte restaurants ls very good , maxxiland is really good for the child and for us .
Excellent hotel and staff excellent facilities for adults and chldren .
Range of restaurants and bars .
Superb pool areas and large aqua park area .
Lovely beach area with access for snorkelling and some water sports .
Rooms large and very comfortable.Lounge areas very large and beautifully decorated .
Spa area excellent with grewat gym facilities .
Indoor games room and bowling alley .
Friendy staff and convenient location I am 40 's Japanese female .
I 've stayed at the hotel for 3 times last 12 month .
Every time I come to the hotel , all staff welcomes me , feels like coming home Good location and inexpensive price , room is always clean But regrettably the hotel was renovated and covered with constriction things all over the building .
When I booked the room through hotels.com , the site did not say about the renovation .
Moreover , when I enquired through email before I came , their reply took three days .
I was concerning whether my booking was confirmed .
I expect them to reply much quicker for the next time .
Great location but very poor service and loud Service was rather poor , and the reception staff was not very friendly or helpful .
Our room was right next to the bar/club area .
We had to go through it to go to sleep , and did not feel very safe at all .
Also , we could hear the loud disco music till very late in the morning , and nothing could be done about it even after we complained .
The major plus : location is excellent and the price affordable .
Experienced staff and had a memorable stay India as a country has always fascinated me and all of my friends who have been there always have wonderful things to say about it .
One of my friends who had been there before was planning a weeklong trip to Rajasthan in India and I decided to join him this time .
Yes , it really was a great experience and we visited various places but the most wonderful part of the trip was our stay at the Oberoi Udaivilas Luxury Hotel .
I ca n't explain in words how grand this place looks .
It is a unique blend of the old world royal charm and the modern luxuries .
I 'm definitely going there again whenever I get a chance .
Higly recommended ! ! ! ! ! !
We had an excellent 7 days at the Forum beach Hotel .
Highlights included : great staff ( Nadia and Petros are top ) , great food , nice apartment cleaned daily and a short taxi ride to the town center & amp ; bars ( which we thought was great ) , We did daily tour to island of Symi , scuba diving and some shopping but mainly we just enjoyed the AI and relaxed .
Highly recommended A place between slums and skyscrapers Hotel location is close to the center of Baku , even though it is located in poor area , when all the best hotels are located in the seashore .
It was really hot in Baku in July , and the main problem in the hotel was bad air-conditioner , which was hardly working .
Also cleanliness is not the hotel 's best side , the carpet was always dirty .
What I liked was a balcony in the room , nice bathroom with all necessary things , good TV with a lot of channels ( English , Russian , Azerbaijan , German and so on ) .
The stuff was not really smiling and nice , but helped quickly , if I asked for .
Great location , good hotel The best about this hotel is its location .
Right at the start of Vitosha street , and within walking distance of all attractions in the center and subway station .
The hotel itself looks a bit dated , reminding of the grand style of famous hotels in other world cities .
It is not run down or anything , it 's kept clean , but it 's just the style that is a bit dated .
In general , staff is attentive and helpful , and the stay was pleasant .
Food prices though are completely out of touch with Sofia reality , even in comparison with other similar hotels in the city .
But you are so close to restaurants and bars that there is really no reason to eat in .
Disappointed We booked this hotel/apartment because it had excellent reviews , but I was really underwhelmed .
First , we arrived around 9 pm and were charged a steep 20 EUR `` late check-in fee '' , which was n't disclosed on my confirmation e-mail , and was only fine print on the website I used to book the room .
This was already a deal breaker , because had I known this , I would have booked a better hotel for 20 EUR more .
I should also add that it is difficult from there to use public transportation , and that we were provided with a set of house rules that seemed made for partying teenagers .
I 'd say backpackers only .
My week in Hurgada Observations : - non-children holiday makers were mixed in with children holiday makers , thus noisy , and could have been separated as there are at least 2 blocks of rooms .
What appeared to be Eastern Europeans were noisy at the pool areas and mostly ignored the 'no jumping ' signs , they were also rude and pushy at service areas of dining rooms .
Although there is a sign up informing that there are no-smoking areas I could not see any actual indication of where they were and the only area a waiter pointed out to me had people smoking , probably Eastern Europeans .
In UK smoking is not permitted in any indoor areas that are semi-public , much better for us non-smokers .
Very Good services All the sercices was very Good .
( restaurants , bars , spa , Pool , fitnes , staff very Good ) very Good GUEST RELATIONS staff .
Entertainment program was very Good .
A la carte restaurant steak House was in a very nice location on the golf field .
Aqua park is big and very nice .
A magical taste of Egypt I will be going again I hope as loved the hotel and relaxed in comfort .
The Titanic Palace is one of the most beautiful hotels I have seen and the staff tried their best to help .
Drinks were fine , English Schhh tonic and food not all to my taste but never went hungry .
Shops cheaper off resort and only a walk away.As long as you are careful and beware of kids pickpocketing etc it is fun to go out and there is a bus from hotel .Taxis very reasonable and with a little more bar entertainment it would have been a perfect break .
Smart and simple This is modern budget hotel near La Rambla and Montjuic ( Jean Miro Institute worth seeing ) .
Staff is very friendly and helpfull which made my stay enjoyable .
The room itself is different story .
Although it was clean and equipped with basics it felt very cramped .
I knew I should expect small room but in reality it was very tiny .
Maybe it would be enough space for one person , for a couple it may feel crowded .
Still it is nice budget hotel for young travellers .
And there is small pool on the roof too !
You get what you pay for ... We were traveling around the North of Spain for a couple of days and had decided to stay in Bilbao for 2 or 3 days .
We found this little hotel at an incredibly cheap price and decided to book it .
In addition to the price , the big advantadge is that the hotel is located verz close to the city center , and hence provides a prefect `` base camp '' .
Appart from that , you get an acommodation according to the price , that is : small dark room , old furniture , tiny bad and noise .
A lot of noise .
Every door that gets closed , every toilet that gets flushed , every single single conversation from everyone passing by your room .
All in all , that 's it , a very cheap accomodation that can be considered if you can cope with the noise .
Good cheap bussiness choice This is a very good quite cheap hotel next to Trafford Shopping Center .
It is quiet place where you can sleep well and internet is working very fast and reliable but as well thanks to the huge mall you will have chance to buy just couple of steps outside the hotel almost everything as well as taste cusines from all over the world .
In the hotel itself you will find nice restaurant and very good food .
Sausages and mashrooms which are served in the morning are very good .
Receptionists are very helpful and are helping in any request of support .
We keep coming back What can I say we have been to this hotel for the last 4years , the hotel itself is dated but the staff are all great food is good how ever I 'm vegetarian and for 1 night a week which is fish night I do n't eat , we have several friends come to the hotel with us with kids between the ages of 2 and 18 and have all lived it , the entertainment do a fantastic job and work really hard and make the hotel a fun place to be , I guess this is way we keep coming back Good working time in the Hotel Xenia I spent three days at the Xenia Hotel on a project visit with partners from France , Hungary and Austria .
We were warmly welcomed by all the staff of the hotel who supported our needs throughout the visit .
The meeting room was very well serviced ( the coffee machine was fabulous ) and we were able to focus on our Agenda without having to worry about the operational elements of the visit .
The technology provided worked fine ( skype ) for our needs .
The food was well presented and interesting - Greek dishes with a general European twist .
A beautiful setting by the sea - Ijust wish Ihad had time to make more of the very good facilities on offer .
The great hotel in Turkey This place is one of the best for vacation .
There are all conditions for your pleasure .
There are a lot of restaurants and bars on the territory of hotel .
The personnel work excellent ... ... ... Trendy hotel in a nice spot The hotel is located on a good spot , public transport all around .
A great shopping mall just around the corner .
Some nice ( good rated ) restaurants outside the hotel as well .
The hotel is lovely furnished .
Breakfast is basic , however tasteful .
Bar staff is friendly ( probably students ) .
The reception staff is not very well English educated .
If you speak some words Spanish it 's makes it all a bit easier .
We had 3 complaints .
1 one was solved perfectly , the other 2 below expectation .
Overall we had a nice stay , on a nice place .
Personally I prefer one of the other NN hotels .
I do n't recommend this hotel !
Very small room and bathroom .
Extremely unpleasant odor in the bathroom , Very poor breakfast and almost expired date of the food ( butter , baguette ) .
No parking .
Generally to get to the hotel with a car is extremely difficult .
Overnight We stayed in this hotel as we arrived quite late in the day on out inbound flight from our summer holiday .
It is situated in Frankfurt Flughaven railway station , so as one might expect transport connections are superb .
The check in was quick and efficient , just what you need after a long flight .
The room was adequate .
We ordered room service .
The food came quickly , was hot , tasty , and expensive , very expensive .
Over 40 Euros for a pizza , burger and two drinks .
However the room only cost 75 Euros for the night .
Ancient charme outside , very modern inside Great place to stay for extended weekend .
Perfect location allows to visit all interested places in Barcelona .
As breakfast in the hotel was an expensive option , we decided to go to famous Cafe Zurich ( 100 meters only ) every morning and enjoy lovely weather and many peple going around .
While staying in the place you have easy access to hop & hop bus tour , coach to the airport and Corte d'Ingles which is wonderful store .
Hotel interior is very modern and elegant .
Our room was unfortunately very small , but the bed were very comfortable , linen very clean .
We had perfect time while staying in Regina .
Definitely can be highly recommended .
Do n't go - avoid this place !
Although these apartments may look great on the internet , do n't go .
We rented for a full week with our young children during Christmas holidays .
As the apartments can be rented per night it attrackts back packing , party focused youngsters who tend to overcrowd the apartments ( with more than the allowed amount of guests per apartment ) , smoke in the building , taking prostitutes into the premises , coming home between 4 and 6am drunk and under heavy influence of drugs .
Consequently , during our stay , guests had to be removed from their apartments by the police twice , as a result of heavy verbal fighting , the use of noisy fake alarms and drunk misbehaviour .
The staff takes no responsibility for this , telling this is not a hotel .
They do n't refund and just call the police all the time , so that they are not liable .
Bliss..Really enjoyed !
A beautiful hotel , take time to explore !
The Room was cleaned daily to a high standard , Cold drinks were replinished daily .
On my son 's bithday the room was decorated by our cleaner with a cake and animal charaters made from towels this made his day !
We were all inclusive and although my son is extremely fussy eater he had no problems finding something to eat for all times of the day .
The first floor 24 hr bar was well run and no matter what time of day there was always a waiter on hand to serve .
Salem was one of our favorite waiters who always had a smile and nothing ever seemed to much trouble for him .
Try this Hotel only if you have n't other choises !
We must pay at check in .
Room very small , moquette with stains , spiderweb on the walls .
Unconfortable beds , little pillows , short sheets ( with holes ) .
Last day we finished toilet paper , we have n't found a new roll .
The drain of our shower needed to be unclog .
No phone , no breakfast , old cathode Tv , free wi-fi with low signal in the upper floors .
Staff gentle enough , but the guy at the reception with white hair and glasses ( we found him in the night and the early morning ) : extremely RUDE and HYSTERICAL ! ! !
Terrible service , very bad rooms , very bad manager the worst hotel experience in my life , no hot water , shower equipment destroyed , no Wi-Fi in the room , personnel did n't know the hotel restaurant/bar menu , no towels in the room and the manager did n't care at all for the complaints awful experience Never again !
This campsite is the most EXPENSIVE I have ever stayed at with some of the smallest pitches .
The ground is hard and the tent pegs do not stay in .
The owner appeared friendly at first but then started shouting at me when she mistakenly thought that I had broken a piece of trimming of the side of her freezer .
The redeeming feature is the location if you are interested in climbing - it is in walking distance of a wide variety of climbs .
However , this does not make up for the expense and lack of space .
Terrible stay !
Hotel really modern and minimal .
Check-in quite slow , even if the welcome cocktail was good .
Room modern and nice , but from the toilet comes out sewer smell ... terrible !
Nice pool in the roof top , but the towels have to be collected ONLY in the ground floor ... really uncomfortable !
Lack of private space with sun beds on the front beach..it 's necessary for a 4* or 5* star hotel with front beach ! ! !
Do n't you think ?
Spa services too expensive .
Not so many restaurants around .
Too pollution in the surrounding streets .
Beachwalk centre for shopping is far 10min for the hotel .
Honestly speaking , do n't try Kuta or Legin area ... too crowded and polluted !
Go to Sanur or Jimbaran ... .really better !
Hotel The Fountains It was really Bad .
We paid for 3 nights after the first night we tried to find another place .
Dirty.our room lock was brocken and we were not sure if someone came in .
really load and unfriendly staff .
we paied 1300 euro per night and for 3 night in advance ... we did n't get our meny back ... but It was so worse then we moved out .
Terrible room My wife and I stayed at the Waterfront Hotel , in Gzira , Sliema , Malta but we will not go back .
This is what we found in our room : cracked bathroom basin , chipped bath , dirty tiling round toilet area , black mould on tiling , rotten bathroom door from water damage , heavily stained and torn bed cover , no tea or coffee making facilities , very old and faulty TV .
Astonishingly , Thomsons rated this hotel as 4-star .
I woul n't use Thomsons ever again .
Bad impression in Paris The best reason to choose Lord Byron hotel was it 's location and price .
It 's locate near Champ Elysee , Arc de Triump and very close to George 5 metro station.The staff was very friendly .
But the room is very old and dirty .
We spend 4 night at this hotel .
After 2 nights we had itchhing , our last night in this hotel we can not slept because of itching .
We really want to going back to our home and had a good sleep ( and a medicine ) .
After we coming back to our home I got a redness rash the whole leg .
We had a bad impression about Paris .
Our trip in Paris was totally ruined by the itching from This hotel .
Relax and enjoy This is a great hotel , in beautiful Tuscan location .
For people who want some rest and relaxatio it is realy great .
The only minus ( for some people it might be a plus ) is the distance from firenze itself .
You need a car to get there .
Expensive airport hotel Basic Sheraton below my expectations .
Free shuttle bus to/from the airport .
Bell staff very good and helpfull .
Rooms recently refurbished but not in acordance of today 's traveller Some staff does not speak any English at all ! !
Pool area dated Lounge very poor .
After breakfast no meals or drinks offered .
Dirty dishes , no fruit , empty firdge , loud TV Would expect much more for the price paid ( 160 USD/night ) Nicest hotel ever !
This was my favourite holiday place I have ever been to !
Will definitely be retuning , advise people to go here for a great holiday !
People are great !
Staff are great and the whole holiday package was fantastic !
Great value for money My room seemed to be taken .
Because of renovation work probably my room was not fully ready .
But the receptionist immediately offered me an improved room with riverside view .
Great room , clean , quit .
Perfect stay !
Its a good Hotel with nice rooms .
We hade a bigger room with a place to relax and sit down .
We really liked that .
Service was good and friendly , the room was cleaned every day !
The only thing we could eat at the hotel was breakfast , which in my opinion was a little bit expensive .
Tip top - top tip !
I have to say that I 've had a very nice holiday in this hotel .
Everybody was very kind and friendly .
Especially the team of the main restaurant was really professionell and nice .
I felt like a princess , sometimes ; - ) !
Thank you very much everybody !
I will come back there .
Crowded , noisy , smelly , unfriendly .
This place is just awful .
Marseillan plage is a really dirty place .
Do n't go here if you want a quiet relaxing holiday .
The bar at the campsite plays very loud music every night till midnight .
Then you get all the wasted yobs going back to their tents for an all night party .
Wish I 'd brought a set of ear plugs .
Our pitch smelt of sewage so did n't do any cooking .
Our neighbours were a group of racist French Chavs who made it clear to us we were n't welcome .
The beaches and swimming pools were totally jammed .
We complained to the campsite but they were unfriendly and were n't interested .
We left after 2 days wish we 'd gone sooner .
AVOID ! ! ! !
Three stars stated ... but where ?
This hotel has only one great thing : the friendly staff .
It is worn down , not clean and the whole hotel looks like a mess .
The only positive is that they are offering free internet in the lobby , some welcome drinks buffet and friendly reception staff .
Location is close to the station but this hotel was all in all quite an unpleasant experience looking into the hotel `` hardware '' .
Room Tip : Best rooms are in another hotel , not there .
Best in town A very friendly Hotel in a nice park area with excellent food and wine .
The rooms are not big , but nicely made .
The service is excellent and helpful in any case .
It is located next to the park and a rose garden in a calm area 10 min from the center of Trier Relax in the city Perfect hotel to discover Köln , just out of the real center ( only 2 stops with the `` U-Bahn '' ) .
Easy to reach by car and there are enough parking places .
The wellness facilities are perfect , but can be crowded on saturday .
Clean , renewed rooms .
4 star hotel amenities but 2 star service Hotel ambience is good .
Breakfast is above average .
Bar is very good .
Gym is small but sufficient for standard workouts .
Nice wellness and breakfast staffs .
Polite and professional .
Never tried the spa and swimming pool though .
Free wireless internet connections available in rooms and lobby which made this hotel attractive .
Also have several deskstop computers for guest use .
Stayed for 2 months but do n't know who is in charge of the hotel .
You would'nt know who is the manager or supervisor unless you ask .
Everyone looks the same and name badges gives no clue .
As its located near the Schiphol Airport , at times may get surge of guests whose flights are cancelled .
Lots of groups passing in the weekends .
Great value for money It was a great experience for my family to stay in the hotel.The staff was very friendly and helpful.athe amenities which the hotel offers are good value for money.I strongly recommend this hotel and in a future if I visit Bulgaria I will choose it as my hotel again .
Best in class very warm welcome at the reception , very friendly and helpful personnel , especially at the bar and during breakfast , a really good experience overall , had a relaxing drink at the bar , visited the cigarrum smokers lounge and had a great start into the day at the very nicely assorted breakfast buffet .
A nice hotel , good food animation team super only old equipment nice shows and enterainment good food nice people swimmingpool super , good area and chears drinks super nice coktails busses to the beache and drinks at al time Love this resort !
All in all everything was very good .
I ca n't really complain about anything .
Everything was excellent and I 'd like to visit this resort again !
The staff is very friendly and always ready to help , with some of them it is a little difficult to talk , but it 's okay .
I think this is my new favorite place to go on vacation , everything is perfect .
Beautiful and quiet This is a beautiful hotel in lovely grounds in a quiet location a couple of miles outside the city of York - to which it is very well connected by park-and-ride bus service .
The atmosphere is delightfully tranquil and relaxing and it was for us a lovely place to return to after a busy day sightseeing in the City .
The rooms are spacious and well-furnished .
Our only criticism would be the bathroom - which is a little small and in need of updating and refreshing .
That said , it is adequate and immaculately clean .
Room service is excellent too .
Likewise , the restaurant is excellent .
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would happily return when we visit York again Friendly , helpful hosts Our hosts were friendly and very helpful .
Everything was wonderfully clean and the en-suite bathroom was ingeniously placed .
A wonderful range of food for breakfast and we were offered scrambled egg on toast - after 3 weeks in france on bread and jam this was a feast to behold .
On Sunday morning we saw the ladies going to church in traditional dress which was wonderful to see .
Good location to explore Lyon A basic , a bit dated hotel , but for this price you do n't expect more .
Situated across the river form the main city centre , but close to one of the bridges , so the walk takes only 10 minutes .
The area around the hotel is not the nicest though .
The hotel could do with some renovation .
The check in took quite a bit of time , as the guest before me had some questions and they did n't have a second person .
An alright hotel to stay for a night and explore the city , but if you need to stay longer , there are probably better options .
Great and restful place to stay .
It was our first night in a foreign country and you made us feel like we were at home .
The breakfast and service you provided the next day was exceptional .
The staff made us feel very welcome from the time we checked in ... to our departure .
Thank you .
Good !
Brilliant holiday except from the food the food was diabolical .
Apart from the food my holiday was brilliant all because of alanani rocko axaha and the sandman wagdy helal !
i could n't go back 2 this hotel because i had hardly eaten all holiday alanani , rocko and axaha should be working in a five star hotel because they were brilliant !
Very Upsale Hotel , In the Center of the City The hotel is upscale and very expensive .
It is a really nice hotel in great condition and very easy to travel to anywhere in the city .
I walked mostly everywhere I wanted to go .
Numerous shopping and dining areas within walking distance .
Good value for money Very good value for money , competent and friendly personnel willing to help and offer a good service .
Excellent room space and cleanliness .
Very good restaurant and bar .
The location is excellent too close to the central square which makes it very easy to walk around .
Breakfast is not bad but not as good as food in the restaurant , however , the coffee is not good .
WiFi is free but not stable making it annoying when you lose connection and have to login again .
Dog friendly We was there with two dogs , fine areas to take the dogs out for walk and dogs very welcome , even in the restaurant .
Short drive to Amsterdam RAI .
Quietly place and god parking areas .
Staff very helpful .
My favourite hotel in Cologne excellent value for money , good breakfast and excellent wellness facilities .
Though not in the centre the public transport system stops right in front of the hotel and brings u in a minimum of time to the centre thus avoiding parking problems and the like .
Have been a frequent visitor to this hotel since 2000 Great location but no !
I would not go back !
I stayed there for a business trips with several other colleagues .
I had a studio room with a `` kitchen '' ... Well the kichen was old , gross and kind in a `` cupboard '' .
Not a lot of space in the room ( a general issue in Paris anyway ) and an old bathroom .
Breakfast is brought to the room , quality is very poor ( better of going out to grab a croissant ... ) .
Service is not reliable : several mistakes made in the orders ( happened to me and some colleagues.. tea instead of coffee , no show , getting 2 breakfasts instead of 1 ... ) .
Definetely to be avoided except if you want to be near the Arc de Trimphe and Champs Elysees but there are better options around .
Inclusive or 'All inclusive ' that is the question ?
Lovely and clean , nice rooms , nice location .
Paaid for All inclusive but this was not exactly what I received , for this I had to pay 'extra ' , All inclusive to this hotel is meals in the main self sevice restaurant , does not include any other restaurant on the site , the local fish market evening was extra as well as the ala carte , they do give you a RS375 off the ala carte menu which is an insult due to the price charged for self service .
There is no wine included in the All inclusive , not even with meals , this has to be paid extra , no liquires .
You can pay exrra for these by paying for a 'gold all inclusive ' package Melia is the best hotel in Bulgaria !
This is oyr 10th time in Bulgaria but for sure the best one !
Melia is the best hotel !
The biggest room in Bulgaria with lovely sea view .
Already booked our next visit in 2013 .
We recommend it to everybody !
The staff was very friendly , the beach is 2 minutes walking and the sea is great !
The food was good as well , though the waiters were a bit tired .
Everybody speaks Russian and it is very easy to get informed if you need something .
Thank you , Melia !
Will come back for sure !
Ideally Situated in the heart of Florence The hotel staff were warm and welcoming and were always helpful with directions .
The breakfast was adequate - not many varieties of bread and good coffee .
The only glitch - no eggs scrambled or otherwise because of delivery issues during weekends .
A 4 star hotel should have some items of hot breakfast .
The attending staff were nice and friendly in the breakfast room .
I found the hotel clean and well maintained the AC worked perfectly .
The guests seemed to be mainly Italian , British and American .
The hotel provides for little but important things like razor with gel , bus tickets .
Internet centre was great .
Conveniently located on Södermalm , close to the tube I am often on business trips and I know what need .
Apart from a bed , I do also ask for a big bathroom , which the standard rooms in this hotel offers .
On the day I had been in a number of meetings , so when coming back , I did appreciate that the hotel was quiet and offered a restaurant which had a great selection of different foods .
Do try their fish , I had a delicious meal that evening .
The check-out was alright , two other guests took quite some time to check out and no other member of staff was called to the reception to speed up the checkout process for the other guests .
Ideal for late arrivals I often travel to Paris with our head office being located at Stade De France .
My usual mo is to fly in on the last flight the night before arriving at CDG around 10PM and then stay at the Novotel which is at T1 for the CDGVAL ( basically a monoral that connects all of the terminals ) .
Then first thing in the morning I can get up , have breakfast and then take the RER B directly outside the door of the hotel 25m from the door straight to my office or into Paris .
I personally will not take the RER late at night as I do not feel it 's safe .
Nice hotel in the centre of Nes .
Nice accomodation with a really great breakfast .
It is really close to the centre of Nes and you are within minutes at the beach with the bike .
The rooms were a lot smaller than expected and the bathroom had mold between some tiles , so that 's why we rated that part lower .
Inclusive or 'All inclusive ' that is the question ?
Lovely and clean , nice rooms , nice location .
Paaid for All inclusive but this was not exactly what I received , for this I had to pay 'extra ' , All inclusive to this hotel is meals in the main self sevice restaurant , does not include any other restaurant on the site , the local fish market evening was extra as well as the ala carte , they do give you a RS375 off the ala carte menu which is an insult due to the price charged for self service .
There is no wine included in the All inclusive , not even with meals , this has to be paid extra , no liquires .
You can pay exrra for these by paying for a 'gold all inclusive ' package Great location , attentive staff This hotel has a great location , in the heart of Gran Via , and if you need to go somewhere , it is in front of a subway station .
The room was good , the service was very attentive - I said I needed to leave early in the morning to catch a flight ( which would make me lose breakfast ) , and the front desk offered me a takeaway basket with some fruits , cookies and juice so I could eat it on the go , all free of charge .
The only drawback from this hotel is that it is in an old building .
The design is old , and some might find it needs a restoration , but everything works perfectly .
Great Atmosphere & varieties of foods !
I have experienced in Linen change in the bath room of Villa which i staid , since the linen are not fresh on my entry to the room .
Thereafter , i have call up the room service & got it changed .
Other than the aforesaid , i have nothing to complain about Club Dolphin during my several visits .
Keep up di good work .
Prashanth Best for couples - extra tips for you The hotel looks spectacular .
It is very colorful and perfect for a romantic getaway .
I have been staying in the `` older part '' of the hotel and I have been told that they just opened the `` new wing '' that week .
They could work a little on dusting the place better : some of the lamps and decorative items were full of dust .
Some of the items in the room looked old and cracked ( the chair was damaged , the cabinets looked re-purposed ) .
This should not by any means deter you from staying !
It is a wonderful , romantic cozy spot , where you could cuddle with your darling in the most dreamy way !
The bed was exceptionally comfy .
Guests are 20- 35 y.o .
Amazing wellness facilities at Dorint an der Messe Dorint an der Messe Cologne is a very nice 4-star hotel .
The spa and wellness facilities were better than we hoped we would get in a four-star hotel ( compared to some five-star hotels we stayed in ) .
The pool , jacuzzi and sauna were very clean and relaxing .
The room ( standard room ) had all the comfort you need and the breakfast we had was excellent .
The tables were clean and the staff was friendly and it was n't over-crowded at all .
If we plan another visit to Cologne , we would certainly stay at this hotel again .
The red square in Moscow Hurghada is generally speaking a good place for a few days of relax , the beach is not so good.The Hotel is nice , but if you do n't like the worst Russians all together , that is not the place you want to go.Avoid the buffet , the food is poor , the best restaurant is the turkish , try to make a reservation .
Animation is great , especially the cool Riko , that at least speaks english , otherwise prepare yourself to an intensive Russian speaking course .
The staff is very good , with some exceptions .
One big minus , prepare yourself to very persistent shop workers that bother you all the time trying to sell you all kind of things .
Missed a flight in Frankfurt It was a great stay and all of my travel stress was gone before I left ! The breakfast was one of a kind .
Afterwards I relaxed in the Pool / Spa with sauna , steam bath and massage and tanning .
Worked out in the gym for an hour with great views of the area and the airport .
The only downside was too few business centers and one was closed .
Perfect i would like to thank all staff of the hotel for their good attitude to us and express special thanks to Balu and his animation team for their good mood , smiles , entertaintments , i have never laughed so much in my life is in their shous ) A beautiful wellness-hotel Two days wellness and a wonderful massage .
The hotel is nice and clean and the service is great !
The restaurant is good , only for vegetarian there is too little choice .
The sauna is a little bit small , there are only two of them , but clean and nice .
Perfect holidays with good food and friendly staff We enjoyed very much .
Food was very good , location of the hotel perfect , we enjoyed the leisure activities .
Sasha , Tyson , Kristina , Emeli , Denis ... very friendly staff .
Thank you JItka and Hana from CZech Republic Dana Beach is a top hotel !
In Dana beach is everything good , the food , the rooms , the people who are working there ! !
We already went 14 times to this hotel and we already booked again for april 2013 for 2 weeks !
It 's the best hotel in Hurghada for us ! ! !
Ilse And Danny from Belgium Do n't go there , the only nice thing is the beach I would never ever come back to this hotel even if they paid me .
simply it 's not worth the money , let alone the 4 stars .
There are not enough seats for the guests in the restaurant , so for dinner you have to wait in a queue Lovely hotel beside park but long walk to Trier The hotel was easy to find , had reasonably-priced parking and this was our main reason to choose it on our way home from a holiday in France .
Its position beside Nells Park was lovely and our room was excellent with superb bathroom and shower .
The decor of the dining rooms was very good but there was less choice of food and wine than we had expected .
For us , the poor choice of German wines was disappointing .
Unfortunately we speak very little German but the staff were very friendly and helpful .
Quite comfortable hotel in excellent location Have stayed at the Carlton in Amsterdam quite a number of times .
Have also stayed in other hotels and to me NH CARLTON is definitely the best .
Very close to Flower Market , Pathé cinema , bars for every kind ... .
Very convenient nearby tram stop .
Breakfast in superbly decorated and furnished lounge is delicious ( though somewhat overcharged ... so try to book your room at the NH Carlton breakfast included ) and view on the city is great .
Rooms are spacious and neatly decorated .
Dam Square is only a few minutes ' walk or 2 tram stops away .
A definitely highly recommended hotel .
Nice !
I was there at first dayw of june with my wife ( weekend ) and and for more days again in Augoust with our chidren ( 18 , 15 years old ) .
We all enjoyed , a lot !
I hope to be there next summer for more days !
Quite nice hotel , good value for money Stayed here for 5 nights in July 2012 .
This HI is what one would expect from HI , although check in was quite swift , but no upgrade for me as PC Platinum member .
Stay was quite noisy , as group of school children was staying at the hotel and they were making a lot of noise during the night , but reception failed to intervene ... Best Holiday we have had in years The hotel is very clean and tidy , it is in a beautiful setting and very spacious .
We had two rooms next to each other on the ground floor looking out to the pools .
We preferred to use the Sunrise restaurant apposed to the Sentido as we found the service much better and the air conditioning worked better , although both had the same food with we think could have been better as the meals were aimed more for the Russians and Egyptians .
The guests were mostly Russians and Egyptians and only a few English , most of them were families with young children that took over the pool area .
The room is very small , about 10m2 Hotel Premiere Classe Orly Rungis is near the airport and close to Orly major highways ( all night heard the noise of passing large vehicles ) .
Near the hotel there is a bus stop that goes to the RER station .
In this area there is famous Rungis market , the largest food market in the world .
Transfer from the airport to the hotel we had a free ( ask about a transfer at the information desk at the airport ) .
Minibus goes from the airport to a hotel .
Transfer from hotel to airport-6 Euro .
Great central location Well positioned for city sightseeing and well connected ( easy access to airport with metro ) .
There is a lovely bar in the lobby and staff was friendly and nice , as well as very helpfull .
Room was clean , bit on the small side but good value for money .
Flat was in a state , not worth the money paid leaking toilet which floods floor ... ..odd stains on sofa , had to sit on towels ... ..fist hole in bedroom door ... ... bed that collapses .
Need i say more ?
The location was in a great spot , sadly the state of the flat let it down .
Felt a little embarrassed to present this to my bf for his birthday weekend away .
Avoid .
The best hotel in Hurghada .
i found the titanic beach and spa a fantastic hotel to stay in .
i stayed for a month in march 2012 also a month in november 2012 and again a month in february 2013 the staff were fantastic .
we are both disabled pensioners and my wife has a wheelchair nothing was too much trouble for them i would specially like to thank ahmed in reception and wojeck in administration.for all there help during our stay .
